**Page 7**

Their destination was the main laboratory, the same vast, cavernous hall they had glimpsed through the drone's fleeting, doomed camera feed. Even with the prior knowledge, the sheer, breathtaking scale of it was terrifying. Thousands upon thousands of sub-robots, in various stages of assembly, lined the vast, echoing hall. Some were mere skeletons of gleaming, polished metal, their inner workings exposed, wires and circuits glinting in the dim light. Others were fully formed, their multi-jointed, insect-like limbs poised as if ready to spring to life at a moment's notice, their optical sensors dark and lifeless. The air was thick with the sharp, metallic tang of newly forged components and the faint, acrid, almost bitter scent of ozone. This wasn't just a research facility; it was a factory, a silent, relentless, terrifying engine of war, churning out instruments of destruction on an unimaginable scale.

"This is bigger than I thought," Dorchester whispered, her voice tight with a mixture of awe and grim, dawning realization. Her usual confident, almost arrogant, smirk was gone, replaced by a look of profound, almost palpable concern. Even she, a veteran of countless underwater skirmishes, a woman who had seen the darkest corners of the deep, seemed taken aback by the sheer, terrifying magnitude of the operation. Her eyes, usually so sharp and calculating, were wide with a mixture of shock and a growing sense of dread. This was a threat on a scale she hadn't anticipated.

Suddenly, a loud, metallic thud reverberated through the lab, a deep, resonant boom that shook the very foundations of the building. It came from a large, sealed chamber at the far end of the hall, a massive, reinforced door plastered with ominous, glowing warning signs in a dozen different languages, each one screaming of danger and containment. The thud was followed by a low, guttural growl, a sound that seemed to vibrate in their very bones, a primal, bestial sound that spoke of caged, ancient fury, of something immense and powerful struggling against its bonds.

"Whatever's in there, they don't want it getting out," Lucky muttered, his eyes fixed on the reinforced door, a strange, almost reckless, curiosity warring with his instinct for self-preservation. He moved towards the chamber, his fingers already working on the electronic lock, his mind racing to decipher the complex, multi-layered encryption. He was a scientist, a problem-solver, and this was a problem that demanded to be understood, no matter the risk, no matter the personal cost. He had to know.
