SCENE 6

EXT. ASTEROID BELT - DRILLING VESSEL - DAY

SOUND of whirring machinery, distant asteroid impacts

The Chaebol team, clad in their space suits, is inside a sleek, multi-person DRILLING VESSEL. The viewports offer a dizzying panorama of the asteroid belt – countless rocks, from pebbles to small mountains, tumbling in silent orbits.

EDGE is at the controls, his face alight with exhilaration. He expertly maneuvers the vessel, weaving through the asteroid field with reckless abandon.

EDGE
(Through comms, whooping)
This is it, folks! The wild frontier! And I'm your trusty steed!

Lucky, seated beside him, grips the armrests, a muscle twitching in his jaw. He glances at Astra and Gem, who are trying to suppress their amusement.

LUCKY
(Through comms, strained)
Edge, maybe a little less... flair? And a little more focus on the mission parameters?

EDGE
(Waving a dismissive hand)
Mission parameters are for rookies, Lucky! We're making history here! And speaking of history, behold! Asteroid Alpha-1!

Edge points to a relatively small, rocky asteroid ahead. He activates the vessel's GRAVITY BEAM, a shimmering blue light extending from the front. With practiced ease, he begins to draw in smaller rocks from the asteroid's surface.

EDGE (CONT'D)
See? Child's play! Just a little cosmic vacuuming!

He performs a series of unnecessary, acrobatic maneuvers with the gravity beam, twirling the collected rocks before depositing them into the vessel's cargo hold. Jin, Min, and Yoon cheer from the back, recording every move.

JIN
(Through comms)
Amazing, Edge! Do it again!

Edge grins, basking in the adoration. He glances at Lucky, a triumphant smirk on his face.

EDGE
(Through comms)
Still think your drone skills compare, Lucky? This is real piloting!

Lucky clenches his jaw. He knows Edge is good, infuriatingly good, but his showboating is grating on his nerves. He forces himself to focus on the data screens, trying to ignore the spectacle.

LUCKY
(Through comms, tightly)
Just... get the job done, Edge.

Edge laughs, a carefree sound that echoes through the comms.

EDGE
Oh, I'll get the job done, Lucky. And I'll make it look good while I'm at it!

FADE OUT.
