The command and control center was a squat, windowless bunker
of reinforced concrete, a brutalist monument to paranoia. It was
located on the northern edge of the facility, its back to
the jungle, its face to the sprawling complex it controlled.
It was the nerve center of the entire operation, the brain
of the beast. And Chara and Giana were here to perform
a lobotomy.

They approached the bunker with a caution that bordered on reverence.
They knew that this was the most dangerous part of the
mission so far. The bunker would be heavily guarded, its
defenses formidable. But they also knew that it was the
key to their success. Take out the C&C, and the
rest of the facility would be blind, deaf, and dumb.

They found their vantage point in a tangle of overgrown
vegetation on the edge of the jungle, a natural blind
that offered a clear view of the bunker’s entrance. The
entrance was a single, massive blast door, flanked by two
guards in heavy body armor, their faces obscured by the
visors of their helmets. They were armed with heavy-duty pulse
rifles, the kind of weapon that could stop a charging
rhino in its tracks.

“Two guards, heavy armor, pulse rifles,” Giana whispered, her voice
a low, analytical murmur. “And I’m willing to bet there
are more inside.”

Chara nodded, her eyes scanning the bunker’s defenses. “There’s a
camera over the door, and another one on the roof.
And I’m picking up a faint energy signature from the
door itself. It’s probably electrified.”

They were in a stalemate. A frontal assault was out of
the question. They would be cut down before they got
within ten feet of the door. They needed a diversion,
a way to draw the guards away from their post, to
create an opening, a window of opportunity.

Chara’s eyes scanned the surrounding area, her mind racing, searching
for a solution. And then she saw it. A large,
industrial-sized air conditioning unit on the roof of a nearby
building. It was a long shot, but it was the
only shot they had.

She unslung her rifle, a high-powered sniper rifle with a
custom-made silencer. She settled into a comfortable firing position, the
rifle resting snugly against her shoulder. She took a deep
breath, her finger curling around the trigger. She was a
surgeon, and this was her scalpel.

The shot was a soft, almost inaudible cough. The bullet,
a high-velocity, armor-piercing round, struck the air conditioning unit with
a loud, metallic clang. The unit shuddered, then exploded in
a shower of sparks and smoke. The diversion was in place.
Now, it was time to see if the fish would take
the bait.
