@I0001
GENERAL INFORMATION ON WALL STREET RAIDER

@I0002
 - OBJECTIVES

In Wall Street Raider, the main objective is to make money.
Lots of it, as fast as possible. There are two general
approaches you can utilize:

(1) Trading/investing in stocks and bonds (corporate or
government bonds), seeking to buy low and sell high; or

(2) Taking control of, and managing the companies you invest
in, to increase their value. By increasing a company's
earnings and net worth, you can generally increase its stock
price; by improving its credit rating, you can increase the
price of any bonds it has issued. (You can invest in your
company's bonds, as well as its stock.) Also, if you control
one or more companies, you can draw a salary and, if you can
increase the company's earnings, receive executive stock 
options after each successful quarter, as CEO/President of 
one company. (The larger the capitalization of the company, 
the bigger the salary you will earn, generally, and the more
any stock options will be worth, potentially.)

@I0003
 - TIME LIMITS.  At the start of a new game of Wall Street Raider,
you can choose the number of years the game will last. (Limited
to a few years in the shareware version, or up to 35 years in
the registered version). Players take turns, and on your "turn"
you can do up to 5 transactions, such as buying or selling stocks
or bonds, on the Transactions Menu. However, your time for doing
transactions on your turn is limited, since your remaining number
of transactions is reduced by two each quarter, at the mid-point
and at the end of each calendar quarter, as time passes. So if 
you do no transactions at all, your turn will eventually end 
after 2 1/2 quarters have passed.

@I0004
 - DIFFICULTY LEVEL. When you start a new game, you will be
given an opportunity to choose a difficulty level, either 1,
2, or 3, or 4, with 4 being the most difficult, and 1 being 
the least difficult. At higher difficulty levels, you may 
find that you cannot immediately do some transactions, such 
as selling off stock of a startup company that you own, and
many features in the program will make it more difficult,
in subtle ways, to make money, win antitrust suits, and
the like. For example, at Level 3, when you choose to have
a company you control make an early loan repayment, it will
have to pay the bank a 2% prepayment fee on the amount it
repays, unless you also control the bank and at higher
difficulty levels, the interest rate companies pay on bank
loans are slightly higher and loans must be repaid (amortized)
somewhat more rapidly. Also, when buying stocks or bonds, or
proposing a merger, the premium you must pay over the current
market price is higher at higher difficulty levels.

In addition, the "computer player" will use more aggressive
tactics against you, when opportunities present themselves,
when playing at Level 3 or Level 4, than at Level 1 or 2 of
difficulty. 

Note also that if playing at Difficulty Level 4, the program
will eventually begin introducing new taxes on capital of
companies, or on corporate shares owned by companies or
players. In addition, a "billionaire's tax" may be imposed
on the net worth of each player whose net worth exceeds $1
billion at the end of each year. These taxes on companies
will depress their earnings and, eventually, their stock
prices and ability to grow. The "billionaire's tax" and
corporate shares tax will be extracted from your personal
bank account, and will thus affect you very directly. See
the Help file section on taxes, for more details on these
various capital taxes that may be imposed when playing at
Level 4, and the individual and corporate income taxes
that are imposed at all levels of difficulty.

In general, the initial database of companies in a new
game will contain more risk (higher debt ratios) at a
higher difficulty level, which will tend to make investing
more hazardous, due to higher rates of bankruptcy, resulting
in more bond defaults, loan losses for banks, and stock
losses on companies that "belly up."

On the other hand, if playing at a higher difficulty level,
a player may have a higher line of credit than otherwise,
and players or companies may take on much more risk when
entering into interest rate "swap" derivative agreements.
Thus, at higher difficulty levels, the program gives you
"more rope to hang yourself with."

@I0005
 - TIME PROGRESSION. In Wall Street Raider, "time" passes or
progresses whenever the stock ticker is running on the main
menu screen. You can "toggle" this stock ticker on or off by
clicking on the "Ticker On/Off" button (which is shown as
the "Start Ticker" at times, when the program has turned the
ticker off.

If the ticker is running, it will automatically stop when you
click on buttons on the main screen, but will resume after you
finish viewing and close a dialog screen.

The stock ticker will also stop and remain stopped when your
turn ends, or will stop briefly when an antitrust lawsuit
decision is announced on the news headlines ticker.

When the ticker on the main screen is running, the program is
doing tens of thousands of calculations per second, including
earnings computations for each of nearly 1600 companies,
for the current calendar quarter of play. When earnings
calculations have been completed for all companies for the
current quarter, the quarter ends, and interest income and
expense are credited to the bank accounts of the individual
players (and taxes, if any are due, are paid by the players,
at the end of the 4th quarter of each year).

Time will progress (somewhat) even if you have turned off the
stock ticker. Each time you close a menu or complete (or
cancel) a transaction, the program will compute earnings for
a few companies, and may advance the "news ticker," although
the stock ticker remains turned off. Thus, you can no longer
completely "freeze" the passage of time, while you do
transactions or research.

@I0006
 - ACTIVE ENTITY. At all times, when the main screen is
visible, the name of the current "Active Entity" is displayed.
This can be either a player or any existing corporation.
Click on the "Select Player" button to make the current
player the "Active Entity." Or, either type in and enter a
stock symbol for a company, or else click on the "Select
Corp." button if you need to look up a company's name or
stock symbol, or to select a company from an alphabetical
list of all existing companies.

Once you have selected an "Active Entity," any button you
click on to display information, such as "Financial Profile"
or "List Portfolio" in the Entity Info menu will show
company data for the currently selected "Active Entity."
If you click on any of the "Transactions" buttons, any
transaction you do in the menu that pops up will be for
the current "Active Entity," but ONLY IF you control that
company. Otherwise, the Transactions pop-up menus will 
default to the last company you selected that you DO
control, or if none, to the Player, as "Active Entity" for
purposes of doing transactions. (The Transactions menus
also allow you to use a "Player" or "My Corps." buttons to
select yourself or a different controlled company as "Active
Entity.")

The program will attempt to "read your mind" when you click
on a transaction button to buy or sell stock or corporate
bonds, do a merger, file an antitrust suit against another
company, or do various harassing transactions, such as filing
a harassing lawsuit or starting a rumor campaign. The input
box for entry of the stock symbol for the "target" company
will usually contain, as the default entry, the stock symbol
of the last company you selected as "Active Entity," if it
is not the current "Active Entity," or the stock symbol of
the currently selected "Active Entity" if it is a company
that is not under your control. If the default stock symbol
is the one you wanted to enter, just click on "OK" to enter
it and begin the transaction.

Thus, you can select the entity (yourself or a company you
control) that you wish to have do a transaction, such as
buying stock, and then do some research until you find a
stock you like, say XYZ Corp, and view research reports or
other information on XYZ. Then you can then click on the
Buy/Sell Transactions menu button and simply click on
"Buy Stock," and the stock selection input box that pops
up will automatically show "XYZ" as the default stock
symbol, so you can just click on "OK" to proceed with
buying the stock of XYZ. The program cannot always "read
your mind," but you will find it often seems able to.

@I0007
 - TAXES.  Nothing is certain, but death and taxes. In this
version of Wall Street Raider, the program keeps track of the
"tax basis" (cost, with certain adjustments) of all stocks or
bonds owned by each player, and when you sell a stock or a
bond, or if a security becomes worthless in a bankruptcy, you
will incur a gain or loss. It also keeps track of the tax basis
of stocks and bonds owned by corporations (only players, banks
and insurance companies own bonds in the Windows versions of
Wall Street Raider). If the seller is an individual player, 
then the gain or loss is a "capital gain" or "capital loss."
If the seller is a corporation, the gain or loss is regular
taxable income or loss, but is treated as an "extraordinary
item," and not a part of operating earnings.

Capital gains are taxed at a lower tax rate than other income
in W$R, as is generally true in most industrialized countries.
Tax rates on ordinary income (salaries, interest, dividends)
vary from time to time in each game of W$R, and capital gains
tax rates may also vary, but are always lower than ordinary
tax rates. In general, as in the real world, tax rates tend
to rise, in the long run, in W$R.

In W$R, as under U.S. tax laws generally, capital losses
can only be used to offset capital gains, not other income.
Therefore, if you incur a capital loss, you will 'carry it
over' indefinitely, until you can perhaps use it to shelter
a capital gain later in the game. Ordinary losses of
individual players (such as where you have interest expense
that exceeds your income) are NOT carried over to future
taxable years. 

Players in W$R must make quarterly estimated tax payments,
based on 90% of their tax liability to date. At the end of
each year, each player must pay any remaining balance of
tax due, or receives a refund if the final tax liability
is less than he or she has paid in during the year as 
estimated tax payments (prepayments). 

Income or losses recognized by corporations on a sale or 
other taxable disposition (such as worthlessness) of stocks 
or bonds are fully taxable at regular corporate tax rates 
in W$R, in the case of gains, and are fully deductible from 
taxable income in the case of losses.

Note that ordinary (net operating) tax losses of corporations
in W$R can be carried over indefinitely, until there is
taxable income to offset the losses against, or until the
corporation goes out of business or is liquidated, or the
corporation changes its line of business. However, any unused
net operating tax loss carryover is reduced by 10% at the end
of each year, so that such losses will gradually be reduced,
if not utilized to offset taxable income.

W$R's tax rules are somewhat of a blend of U.S. and other
industrialized countries' tax laws. In W$R, corporations pay
tax at a different (slightly lower) tax rate than individuals
do, on ordinary income, and corporations can carry ordinary
losses forward ("net operating losses") and use the losses
to offset taxable income in a future year, indefinitely.
In W$R, banks and insurance companies, which are the only
companies that invest in corporate or government bonds, also
keep track of the "tax basis" of all bond holdings, but gains
or losses on their bonds are taxed as ordinary income or
losses.

No special capital gains tax or tax rate applies to
corporations in this simulation. Thus, when a corporation
sells stock of another corporation at a gain or loss, the
tax rate is the same on any gain as it would be on any other
kind of taxable income. 

Interest income is fully taxable and interest paid on loans
is deductible from taxable income.

Corporate dividends are not deductible by the paying corporation
for tax purposes, but are fully taxable to the recipient when
received by individual players. However, when a corporation
owns stock of another corporation, only part, or none, of the
dividend is subject to tax, depending on the percentage of the
stock held by the investor (parent) corporation, as follows:

 - Under 20% owned -- 30% taxable (or 20% taxable, if the
two companies are controlled by the same player or company).

 - 20 to 79% owned -- 20% taxable

 - 80% or more owned -- 0% taxable

These rules for taxation of dividends are virtually identical
to the U.S. tax rules for taxation of corporate dividends
received by stockholder corporations. The one difference we
have added is where company A controls less than 20% of company
B (the payor), but both A and B are under the control of the
same player or the same company, in which case Wall Street
Raider treats the dividends as being only 20% taxable, rather 
than 30%. In that situation, where B pays out an "extraordinary"
dividend, none of the dividend will be treated as REPORTED
income for A (but A will have a tax expense equal to 20%
of the extraordinary dividend, so that the tax owed on the
extraordinary dividend will REDUCE the reported income of A).

When one corporation owns 20% to 79% of another company, the
parent company includes its share (20% to 79%) of the subsidiary's
net REPORTED (not taxable) after-tax income in its own income,
but does not include any of the subsidiary's income in the
parent's taxable income, except to the extent noted above if
the subsidiary pays dividends. NONE of the dividends received
from a 20%-owned (or over 20%) subsidiary are included, however,
in the parent's REPORTED income -- that which is reported to
its shareholders as earnings. This approach is similar to the
"equity method" of accounting used by accountants in reporting
corporate earnings in the U.S. and many other countries. 

Similarly, if one corporation owns under 20% of the other, say
15%, but both are under control of the same player or company,
then the "parent" company would include 15% of the income of
the "subsidiary" (and none of the dividends received from the
subsidiary) in the parent's REPORTED income. Otherwise, if
the "parent" owns less than 20% of the "subsidiary" and they
are not under common control, then the parent only reports
dividends it receives from the subsidiary in its REPORTED
income, and does not report its share or "equity" in the
earnings of the subsidiary.

Note that a company can improve its reported earnings by
acquiring 20% to 79% of a subsidiary company, using borrowed
money. The parent company will get a tax deduction for the
interest paid on the borrowed money, but the reported income
of the sub, which will increase the parent's income, will be
nontaxable! (Except to a very limited extent, if the sub pays
out dividends.) 

The Windows versions of W$R also include a modified version
of the U.S. "consolidated return" provisions, whenever one
company owns 80% or more of the stock of a subsidiary company
directly. If ABC owns 100% of XYZ, then they automatically
will compute their taxes in W$R on a consolidated basis.
That is, if ABC has income, and XYZ has losses, the income
is netted against the loss, and ABC pays tax on the balance
(but pays cash to XYZ in the amount of the tax ABC saved by
using XYZ's losses). However, W$R also adopts a rule similar
to the U.S. tax law's "Separate Return Limitation Year" rule,
or SRLY, where the sub (XYZ) has pre-existing net operating
loss carryovers before it begins filing consolidated tax
returns with the parent company (ABC in our example).

Under the real world SRLY rule, a company's pre-existing losses
(from before it began filing consolidated returns) can only be
used to offset its separately-computed taxable income each year,
and can't be used to shelter income of the other companies that
weren't part of the consolidated group when the company incurred
its losses. However, the W$R "SRLY" rule is not as restrictive
as the U.S. tax law's SRLY rules -- in W$R, we allow the company
to use its pre-existing tax losses to shelter not only its own
subsequent taxable income, but that of any 80%- to 100%-owned
subsidiary that it acquires (but not the income of its parent
company -- ABC in the above example).

If subsidiary XYZ in our example has taxable income, it
pays its tax TO THE PARENT (ABC), whether or not ABC has
taxable income or loss for the quarter. If ABC is also
profitable, it adds the taxable income of XYZ to its
income, and pays the tax on the total to the government.
Or, if it has losses that cancel out the taxable income
from XYZ, ABC pays no tax to the government, and "pockets"
the tax paid to it by its subsidiary, XYZ. 

(In effect, XYZ is compensating ABC, at the going tax rate,
for "sheltering" XYZ's income from the tax collector -- or
vice versa if the situation is reversed. Thus, when you see
an "Accrued Taxes Payable" item on the Financial Balance
Sheet for a subsidiary company such as XYZ, that is tax that
it will have to pay to its parent company, which will be
reflected in parent ABC's financial report -- or passed
upstairs to ABC's parent company, if some other company owns
 at least 80% of ABC, as well.)

Note that if a subsidiary company incurs a gigantic tax loss, one
so large that the parent company is unlikely to ever be able to
use it all to offset future taxable income, the program may decide
not to have the parent company compensate the subsidiary for the
use of the tax loss, since the parent company may never be able
to fully use it, and since paying the subsidiary such a large
amount for its tax loss might force the parent to have to sell
off most or all of its assets (possibly including the stock of
the subsidiary).

In all of the more recent versions of W$R, all corporations
that own stock in other corporations keep track of their 
"tax basis" (cost, with any adjustments) for the stock they
own, in order to determine gain or loss, if the stock is sold
or becomes worthless. Where a parent owns 80% or more of the
stock of a subsidiary, so that they compute their taxes on a
"consolidated return" basis, the program will make numerous
additional basis adjustments every quarter, in the "tax basis"
of the sub's stock, increasing basis for taxable income that
flows from the sub to the parent (or decreasing basis in the
amount of any taxable loss) and increasing basis for the 
amount the parent pays to the sub for use of the sub's tax
losses (or decreasing basis where the sub pays the parent
for the tax the parent may have to pay on the sub's taxable
income). In addition, dividends paid by an 80% sub will
decrease the parent's tax basis for the sub's stock, while
capital contributions to the sub (in the case of a 100% sub) 
will increase the parent's basis for its stock of the sub.

As under U.S. consolidated return regulations, it is possible
for the above tax basis adjustments to cause the parent company to
have a "negative tax basis" for its shares of an 80%- to 100%-owned
subsidiary, which is referred to in the tax law (and in this
simulation) as an "Excess Loss Account." On any sale of stock
of the sub, where there is an Excess Loss Account, a proportion
of the Excess Loss Account will be recaptured, and if the sale
or almost any other transaction (including mergers, stock
offerings by, or the bankruptcy of the sub) causes the parent's
ownership to fall below 80% of the sub, ALL of the Excess Loss
Account will be recaptured immediately as taxable income (but
not reported income) of the parent. 

EXAMPLE:  If ABC owns 100% of XYZ, and has a negative tax
basis (Excess Loss Account) of 200 million with respect to its
XYZ stock, and sells 10% of the stock for 50 million, the taxable
gain will be 70 million (50 million price received, plus the
recapture of 10% of the 200 million Excess Loss Account, or an
additional 20 million). If, on the other hand, ABC sold 30% of
XYZ for 150 million, it would have taxable income on the sale
of 350 million, since it would have to recapture the entire 200
million Excess Loss Account, since the transaction would reduce
its stock holdings of XYZ below 80%, the minimum that is required
to file consolidated tax returns. The only way ABC can "get rid
of" the Excess Loss Account without putting in additional capital
to increase its basis in the XYZ stock, without "triggering" the
recapture when it disposes of the XYZ stock, is to do a tax-free
liquidation of XYZ, in which case the Excess Loss Account simply
disappears, with no tax consequences. (Or, it can transfer all of
its stock in the sub to another 100%-owned subsidiary, as a
capital contribution, but in that case the Excess Loss Account
simply transfers over into the subsidiary that received the
capital contribution.)

The "consolidated returns" tax calculations in W$R are all
rather complex, as in the real world, but are quite logical
and are not something you need to be too concerned with, since
the program handles all the difficult calculations for you. 

Compared to the DOS version of W$R, the ability to use
pre-existing net operating losses of a liquidated subsidiary
has been tightened up, to be more like the U.S. tax laws in
this respect.

If you ever played the DOS version of W$R, you may remember
that any corporation could acquire another one that had tax
loss carryovers, liquidate the subsidiary, and use its tax
loss carryovers to shelter the taxable income of the surviving
(parent) company. Now that tax gimmick is only allowed in
the new version of W$R if the parent and the liquidated
subsidiary are both in the same industry, and if neither is
a "holding/trading company." If you liquidate a holding/
trading company that has tax losses in the Windows version
of W$R, the tax losses will be lost and disappear forever,
and will not be transferred to the surviving parent company.
(Note also that when tax loss carryovers are lost in a
liquidation, any unused tax credit carryovers will also be
lost.)

Also, if a holding company acquires assets in a purchase from
a company in any industry, in order to enter that industry
(such as the Computer Industry), the holding company will lose
any tax losses or credits that it had before the change of business.
Such a "change of business" can occur when a holding/trading company
buys business assets, or if a parent company "drops down" such assets
as a capital contribution. (This is similar to U.S. tax law, where
either a change of ownership or a change of business causes use of
tax losses and credits of a corporation thereafter to be strictly
limited. In W$R, a change of ownership isn't penalized, but a change
of business is.)

Note that a holding company that has tax loss or tax credit carryovers
will also undergo a "change of business" if it liquidates a subsidiary
in a tax-free liquidation (unless the subsidiary is also a holding
company), since the parent holding company will have acquired the
sub's business assets by means of the liquidation. Thus, in that
case, the PARENT company will lose its tax loss carryovers.

However, in Version 6.50 and later, if you liquidate any kind of
industrial corporation that has tax losses into a parent company
that is a holding/trading company, the tax losses or credits of the
liquidated company will carry over to the parent company, although
any tax carryovers of the parent company will be lost. Thus, in 6.50
and later, the rules have been simplified so that in all liquidations
where one of the companies is a holding/trading company, and the
other is not, only the carryovers of the holding/trading company
are lost, and where both companies are holding/trading companies,
only the carryovers of the liquidated subsidiary are lost.

Finally, in any "taxable liquidation," the tax losses or unused
tax credits of the liquidated company (but not the parent
company -- if any) will always disappear.

In the more recent versions of this simulation, the ACCOUNTING
treatment of corporate taxes has been modified to more
closely reflect real-world accounting rules. That is, the
tax expense that goes into calculating a company's earnings
(or operating earnings) is not necessarily the actual tax
the company has paid, but instead reflects a "tax provision"
equal to the company's "book income" (not necessarily the
same as "taxable income") multiplied by the applicable tax
rate. Thus, if the tax rate is 40%, and a company that
earns 200 million, but has a tax loss carryover of 125
million that will shelter over half of that income from
any actual tax payment, it would only pay, in actual cash
outlay for taxes, 40% of 75 million, or 30 million.

Thus, in the older versions of Wall Street Raider, the
company's net income, for accounting (earnings reporting)
purposes would be 200 million minus 30 million of tax, or
170 million. However, in the new versions, a "tax provision"
of 80 million would be assumed (40% of the 200 million
earned), so that net income would be only 120 million. On
the other hand, in the older versions, if a company had
a loss of 200 million before taxes, it would pay no tax,
and would ordinarily report a net loss of the full amount,
or -200 million. In the new versions, it is (generally)
assumed that the company that loses 200 million will
eventually be able to use that tax loss to shelter future
earnings, so it would recognize the tax benefit of the
loss now, not later (40% times -200 million), reducing
its loss by the 80 million future tax benefit, so it
would only report a loss of -120 million.

The one exception, when the "tax provision" used in
computing reportable operating income is not simply
equal to reportable income times the applicable tax rate,
is where a loss is so large for a subsidiary company
(if it is part of a group that files consolidated
tax returns), that it is not compensated fully by its
parent corporation for the use of the subsidiary's
tax loss in the consolidated (group) tax return. In
that case, the subsidiary would not receive full
credit (cash, actually) for the tax rate times its
total taxable loss, but only some lesser amount that
is determined by the program, based on an estimate
of the parent company's prospects for survival, its
tax situation, and other factors, in light of the
huge loss incurred by the subsidiary.)

Version 6.50 of Wall Street Raider added another
wrinkle to the computation of the tax provision: tax
credits (R&D and Investment Credits). In the above
example, a company that earns 200 million pre-tax,
the tax provision at a 40% tax rate would be 80
million, reducing reported net income to 120 million.
However, tax credits that are actually used to
reduce tax (not below zero) will reduce the tax
provision. Thus, if the company had 15 million of
tax credits, that would cut the tax provision from
80 million to 65 million, so that the reported net
income would be 135 million, instead of 120 million.

In short, the tax rules in this Windows version of
W$R are now a bit tougher, and much more like the
real-world tax laws of the U.S. and major European
countries, and the TAX ACCOUNTING rules, for
reporting of corporate operating income, are more
like the real-world rules for accounting for income
taxes, which tend to smooth out earnings, by accruing
a hypothetical "tax provision" for each period,
rather than using actual taxes paid or refunded (cash
basis) at that time.

TAX CREDITS

However, note that in Version 6.50 and later, we have
introduced two types of tax credits: an Investment
Tax Credit for non-financial companies that are
growing by increasing their business assets, equal
to 7% of the new assets purchased; and a new R&D Tax
Credit for non-financial companies that are spending
more than 10% of their sales on R&D (research and
development expenses -- but not for other "productivity
spending" such as marketing or advertising). 

For a company that spends more than 10% of sales on R&D,
the R&D tax credit is 20% of the amount R&D spending exceeds
10% of sales. Thus, if Company XYZ has $1,000 million
in sales during the year, and spends 25% of its sales
on R&D, the "excess R&D" spending of 15% (25%-10%), or
$150 million, would earn it an R&D Tax Credit of 20%
of $150 million, or $30 million.

These new tax credits are designed to provide tax
breaks to fast-growing companies or companies that
spend heavily on R&D, and also are helpful to non-financial
startup companies, which earn Investment Tax Credits equal
to 7% of their initial investment in business assets.
Such tax credits will often shelter all or much of a
start-up company's initial profits, until the credits are
used up, and the start-up may earn more Investment Tax
Credits if it is growing its assets and sales, plus R&D
credits if it is spending over 10% of sales on R&D (for
companies in industries where R&D spending is relevant).

The Investment Tax Credits and R&D Credits a company
earns (or that are passed up to it by a subsidiary, if
it files consolidated tax returns with the subsidiary)
are used dollar-for-dollar to offset the company's tax
liability, thus reducing the "tax provision" and the
company's effective tax rate, increasing net income.

If a company does not owe any income tax (because it
has no taxable income), it cannot use the credits, but
must carry them forward for later use. However, if a 
company is an 80%-owned (or more) subsidiary of another
company, the subsidiary in effect "sells" its tax
credits in exchange for cash each quarter, reducing
the subsidiary's tax provision and immediately increasing
its reported after-tax profits (with an offsetting negative
adjustment to the parent's after-tax earnings for the
payment).

While financial companies (banks, insurance companies
and holding/trading companies) cannot earn R&D Tax
Credits or Investment Tax Credits in W$R, they can use
such credits if they own 80% or more of a subsidiary
that "sells" such credits to such parent company.

Unused tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely,
although, like net operating loss carryovers in W$R, a
company will lose 10% of any unused tax credit carryovers
at the end of each year.

TAXES ON CAPITAL

In Version 5.0 and later versions of Wall Street Raider,
you have more than income taxes to worry about. In the
new versions, any one or more of six different types of
taxes on capital can be imposed at various times during
the game:

 -- A "Wealth Tax" on players whose net worth
exceeds $1 billion U.S. (or the equivalent in any
other currency), imposed at the end of each year.

 -- A Corporate Shares Tax on players or corporations,
if they own stock in companies that are incorporated
in the U.S. or one other country, which will vary from
game to game. (Paid quarterly.) The tax does not apply
to an 80%-owned (or more) subsidiary of a corporation.

 -- A Carbon Tax (global warming tax) on the capital
of companies in 19 different industries that are either
hydrocarbon producers or heavy users of fossil fuels,
such as transportation, auto, and utility industries.

 -- A Personal Holding Company tax imposed quarterly
on any holding/trading company that is more than
25%-owned directly by a player, and also applies to
companies in other industries that have less than
20% of their assets employed in an active business,
and thus are similar to a holding company.

 -- An Oil Windfall Profits Tax imposed quarterly
on oil, oil service, and engineering & construction
companies (which build refineries, etc.). This tax,
when enacted, only applies when crude oil trades
for $80 or more, and the maximum tax rate does not
apply until the oil price is $200 or more.

 -- A Health Care Tax may be imposed on companies
in the Biotechnology, Pharmaceuticals, Medical
Equipment/Supplies, and Health Care Providers
industries. The quarterly tax is imposed based on
the value of the capital assets of companies in those
industries and is paid by the companies. 

Note, however, that none of these taxes will be imposed
in Versions 5.10 or later, unless you are playing at 
new Difficulty Level 4, which is the same as Difficulty
Level 3 except for the possible imposition of these
various taxes on capital.

If the total of any of the above taxes on corporations,
as computed for any quarter, is less than $10 million (or
the equivalent in the selected currency, if not the U.S.
dollar), then no tax is owed -- a tax break for small
companies. Similarly, if a player's Wealth Tax for the
year is less than $1 million or quarterly Corporate
Shares Tax plus Wealth Tax is less than $10 million, no
such tax applies for that year or quarter.

None of these six taxes on capital are deductible for
income tax purposes, so they directly and fully reduce
earnings when incurred.

@I0008
 - LIVING EXPENSES IN W$R.  The simulation assumes that
since you are a rich person, you have living expenses
of $1 million a year, in U.S. dollars (or the equivalent,
if W$R is configured for another currency). One-quarter
of that amount ($250,000 U.S.) is deducted from your cash
account each calendar quarter. (And no, sorry, but living
expenses are NOT deductible from your taxable income --
just as in real life.)

You won't notice the living expenses being deducted, ordinarily,
but if your net worth has plunged to only a million dollars
or two, it will then become a noticeable drain on your net
assets -- and you will soon be bankrupt and sleeping under a
bridge somewhere.

@I0009
 - STOCK PRICES IN W$R.  We have devoted a great deal of time
and effort in developing and tweaking the stock pricing algorithm
in W$R, to improve the realism of the simulation. While there
is still a certain element of randomness, as in the real world,
the algorithm now takes up several pages of code, and considers
a great many factors, such as earnings trends, growth rates,
credit rating, interest rate levels, the economy, industry
characteristics, recent large buy or sell transactions, and
many other factors.

We won't say any more, since the stock pricing algorithm is
a major trade secret, except to note that we think you will
find that the stock price behavior in this version of W$R
is much more realistic (and less predictable) than in the
old MS-DOS editions. Personal computers have finally gotten
fast enough to allow us to do the huge number of repetitive
calculations without slowing the program to a crawl. Users
have frequently commented on how realistic the pricing and
price action of stocks in W$R is, compared to the real world.

@I0010
 - CONTROL OF COMPANIES.  In W$R, a company can either be
controlled by a player, or by another company. In general,
a player or company that owns at least 20% of the stock of
company will control it, unless some other player owns the
same or an even larger percentage of the company's stock.
If a player controls a corporation, he or she makes most
decisions for that corporation, as to how fast to grow, how
much to spend on R&D or advertising, whether to invest in
or sell stocks owned in other companies, and how much of its
earnings it will pay out as dividends.

In previous (DOS) editions of W$R, if you controlled ABC
Corporation, which owned 10% of XYZ, and if you also
directly owned 10% of XYZ, you would not have control of
XYZ. The new W$R is a bit more sophisticated, and takes
into account any shares of XYZ that you own, and any that
are owned by another company (like ABC) that you control. 

Thus, in the current version of W$R, the program would
aggregate your 10% of XYZ stock, together with the 10%
owned by ABC, so you would be considered as owning or
controlling 20% of XYZ stock, which would be enough to
give you control of the company (unless some other player
or company owned 20% or more of XYZ). Since boards of
directors you have put in office after taking control of
a company do not leave office immediately, you may even
retain control of a company briefly after you have sold
all of its stock, if a sub it controls, for example, owns
enough stock to maintain control of it.

In W$R, the software makes all the decisions as to investment,
expansion, buying other companies, and so on, for any company
that is not controlled by a player. However, once you take
control of a company, W$R turns those decisions over to you,
so you have to keep a close eye on any company you control.
For example, if your company is expanding its capital assets
base at a rate of 40% a year, and begins losing money on its
capital assets, it will keep right on expanding as long as
it has cash or borrowing power to do so, until it is forced
to sell off capital assets due to running out of money. If
you were paying attention to the situation, you might want
to avoid such rapid expansion when the company is losing
tons of money on its invested capital, and would cut back
the growth rate. (That would usually happen automatically
if no player controlled the company.)

Thus you will find that it pays to keep a close eye on all
developments that affect any companies you control, since
nearly all decisions for such companies must be made by you.
The only significant exception is for banks, for which the
W$R program continues to make most routine decisions, even
if you control a bank, since the banks are constantly buying
and selling bonds, reinvesting excess cash, lending and
collecting loan payments, with each bank doing dozens of
transactions every few seconds.

In short, in W$R, a bank pretty much runs itself, but
any other corporation you control does not, which means
you will have to manage it wisely to keep it profitable.

@I0011
 - TYPES OF COMPANIES

@I0012
   ... INDUSTRIALS.  Most of the companies in W$R are
considered to be "industrial" companies, which means any
company other than a bank, insurance company, holding
company, or utility company. In W$R, an industrial
company operates in, and has business assets in, one
industry (such as airlines, shipping, computers, retail
stores, etc.). If an industrial company sells off all of
its "business assets," it then becomes a "holding/trading"
company.

@I0013
   ... BANKS.  In W$R, as in the real financial world, banks
are a primary source of financing, through bank loans, made
directly to corporations. In this Windows version, banks
also make consumer and mortgage loans (including risky
"subprime" mortgage-backed securities), and can invest in
corporate bonds or Treasury (government) bonds. In this
version of W$R, unlike most prior versions, a bank is also
allowed to invest in stocks, by purchase, merger, or when
it receives stock in exchange for a canceled debt in the
bankruptcy of a corporate loan client. However, a bank may
be prohibited (by the banking authorities) from making a
cash investment in stock, if it already has over half its
net worth tied up in stock investments.

If a bank runs short of funds to lend out, it can either sell
bonds it owns, issue its own bonds or issue stock, or it can
borrow from other banks at the LIBOR ("London Interbank Offer
Rate") interest rate. A bank can borrow up to 2,000 million
as interbank loans from other banks, and if short of cash will
resort to selling various assets (stocks and bonds), and selling
loans it holds to other banks, and in some cases issuing bonds
or more stock to raise long-term capital. (A bank will not
automatically issue new stock or bonds if it is controlled by
a player, however.)

Banks can spend more or less on advertising and marketing,
to try to increase their long run profitability, although
the advertising/marketing expense will, itself, decrease
profits, in the short run.

Banks obtain most of their lendable funds from bank deposits,
including CD's (Certificates of Deposit) on which they must
pay interest, or, to a lesser extent, from Demand Deposits,
on which the banks pay no interest. Where loan demand is
high, a bank will liquidate any bond investments it has,
first, to make the loans. Once it has no more government
bonds to sell, or only a small amount, and if it still 
needs to raise funds to make loans, it will usually borrow
from other banks (interbank borrowing, at the LIBOR rate).
Or, as noted above, it will take other steps to cover a
cash deficit, such as issuing new stock, issuing bonds,
and selling off parts of its loan portfolio or stock
portfolio.

Unlike other corporations in W$R, most routine transactions
of banks are automatically taken care of by the program,
even if you control the bank. However, as the person who
controls the bank, you can do a number of things, such as
merge it with other corporations, buy or sell stocks or
bonds, acquire loans from other banks, change the dividend
payout, or change the amount the bank spends on productivity
expenditures (advertising and marketing).

In early versions of W$R, cash on hand held by banks did
not generally produce any interest income. However, in
the current version of the program, a bank's cash earns
interest at the "CD rate" (as though invested in CD's of
other banks), to the extent its cash exceeds its basic
liquidity needs, which are deemed to be 3% of its total
outstanding deposits (CD's and demand deposits).

In earlier versions of this simulation, the fact that "your
bank" (from which you or your company borrowed) was the
bank where you supposedly deposited your cash as CD's meant
only that you (or your company) might suffer a loss of half
your or its deposits in some cases, if the bank went bankrupt,
but the amount of your deposits did not actually affect the
total amount of deposits the bank held and could lend out
or invest. 

However, in the current version, if you sell assets, for
example, and increase your "cash" ("CD's," actually) by $50
million, that will immediately be reflected as an additional
$50 million of deposits in the bank with which you deal. As
in prior versions, you (or your companies) are required to
deposit any cash balances as CD's (Certificates of Deposit)
in the same bank that you or they borrow from, as a condition
of obtaining loans (much like real-world banking practices).
The current version of the program constantly adjusts the
amounts of cash deposited in the banks by all players and
corporations, so that if Company A buys stock from Company
B for $20 million, the program reduces the amount Company
A has on deposit with its bank, while increasing the amount
Company B has on deposit with its bank, and transfers the
cash from Company A's bank to Company B's bank. Thus, many
hundreds of transactions per second are causing changes in
the cash on hand that banks have, from moment to moment, 
as well as the amount of deposits they have outstanding. 

Note, however, that banks also still receive demand deposits
(non-interest bearing) and interest-bearing CD deposits from
the "Public," and such deposits tend to grow rapidly if the
bank has a large, healthy ratio of reserves (net worth plus
bad debt reserve) to total deposits, such as a ratio of 12%
or more.

Banks are allowed to be more aggressive in buying up loans of
other players (if playing at Difficulty Level 3 or 4) or of
companies controlled by other players (at Difficulty Level 2
or higher), except when such a loan is currently held by a
bank that is controlled by a player.

In version 5.0 and later, banks, like other companies, can
trade in put and call options, but, along with insurance
companies, are much more limited than other companies:
They may only sell call options against stocks they own,
or buy put options to hedge stocks they own. Banks and
insurance companies may not buy calls (except to buy back
calls they have sold short) and may not sell puts (except
to sell puts they have bought).
 
@I0014
   ... INSURANCE COMPANIES.  As in the real world, insurers
in W$R are large pools of capital, which provide funds to
the capital markets, mainly by investing their capital,
insurance reserves and retained profits in stocks and bonds
of other companies, and in government bonds and bank CD's
(Certificates of Deposit). Insurance companies in this
simulation, as in the real world, are basically in two
businesses: 

  (1) Insuring risks (where they usually are happy just to
break even), and 

  (2) investing their capital, at a profit, in stocks, bonds
and bank CDs.

If you control an insurer, you can increase or decrease the
annual rate at which it grows (or shrinks) its insurance
reserves, which are, in effect, like interest-free loans
from its policyholders. Obviously, the more such funds 
your insurer can obtain and invest profitably, the more it
will earn. However, if you try to grow an insurer's reserves
too rapidly (presumably by price-cutting or taking on poor
underwriting risks), you will worsen (increase) its
"underwriting ratio," which is the ratio of the amounts it
has to pay out to insured policyholders to the amount it
takes in each year as premium income. Ordinarily, the goal
is to break about even, or even earn a small net underwriting 
profit each year, by keeping the underwriting ratio down to
100% or less, or at least incurring only a small loss, such
as with a 102% ratio (a 2% loss). If that can be done, and
the insurer can earn 5% or 10% on the funds it has taken in
as premiums, it will show an overall profit on its insurance
business. However, if it only earns 6%, for example, on its
investments, but the underwriting ratio soars to 110%, the
company will lose money, net, on its insurance operations
(although it might earn enough on its other capital, such
as its retained earnings, so that it it may be able to offset
its losses from its insurance business and still report a small
overall profit). 

In a high interest rate environment, where the insurer can
earn more by investing the policy reserves, the company can
afford to grow faster and is better able to accept larger
underwriting losses that might result from such rapid growth.
For example, you may be willing to grow your insurance
company's reserves at a rapid rate, and incur sizable
underwriting losses, if the money being taken in can be
invested in long-term bonds at returns of 12% or 15% or
more.

An insurer that is shrinking its insurance policy reserves
will tend to have a better underwriting ratio, all other
things being equal, but will have less money to invest in
CD's, stocks and bonds, so there is a trade-off. 

The underwriting profit or loss is also affected by how
capable the insurance company's management is, a factor
that can be improved by changing management or increasing
the amount the company spends on "productivity spending"
(advertising and marketing). However, the immediate effect
of either of those actions will be to increase the company's
expenses, though doing so may ultimately lead to long-term
improvements in its profitability.

In version 5.0 and later, insurance companies, like other
companies, can trade in put and call options, but, along
with banks, are much more limited than other companies:
They may only sell call options against stocks they own,
or buy put options to hedge stocks they own. Insurance
companies or banks may not buy calls (except to buy back 
calls they have sold short) and may not sell puts (except
to sell puts they have bought).

@I0015
   ... UTILITIES.  Utility companies in W$R, such as electric
and gas distribution companies, operate very much like the
industrial companies, except that their earnings tend to be far
more stable, and less prone to fluctuation, than other companies.
Because their growth tends to be slow but steady, utility
companies tend to pay out a fairly high percentage of their
income in the form of dividends to their stockholders. (In
both W$R and the real world.)

@I0016
   ... HOLDING/TRADING COMPANIES.  In W$R, a Holding/Trading
company is simply a company that has not acquired assets in
any particular industry, but instead simply holds cash and/or
stock investments in other companies. A holding company that
acquires assets from an industrial company or utility can
enter a particular industry that way. (But a better approach,
in many cases, is for the holding company to simply form a
wholly-owned subsidiary in a particular industry, including
insurance or banking, and put capital into that subsidiary
company.)

@I0017
   ... EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS (ETF'S). ETF's are investment
companies, which may invest in or trade stocks, options, and
some cases, commodity futures or interest rate swaps. In W$R,
they are exempt from taxes as long as they pay out 90% of their
net income from interest and dividends (less management fees and
interest on any borrowings) and pay out 100% of any capital
gains as capital gain dividends. If any player or company obtains
more than 15% ownership or control of the stock of an ETF, it is
disqualified and no longer will be tax-exempt, but will instead
become just a holding/trading company.

Each ETF has, at all times, an investment advisor/manager,
to which it pays an annual management fee of between 0.2%
and 1.0% of the ETF's total assets. One-fourth of the fee
is computed and paid each quarter. The investment manager
is usually a securities broker in this simulation, but in
rare instances may be an insurance company. Performance of
each fund is reviewed every other year, and if very poor,
may result in the ETF firing and replacing the manager.
Good performance, in relation to the performance of the
Global Stock Index benchmark, may be rewarded by the
ETF issuing new stock, thus increasing the assets under
management (and therefore increasing the fees to be earned
by the investment advisor/manager). 

ETF stock performance is based on the ETF's stock chart
information, which is adjusted for any capital gains
dividends or return of capital distributions made by the
ETF (but not by regular dividends distributing income).
Thus, an ETF's stock price may actually be the same $70
a share that it was 5 years earlier, but if it made
capital gains distributions of $30 over that period, the
5-years-ago price (as adjusted) would be shown as $40
on the stock chart (and when determining the manager's
performance). Thus, those types of distributions do not
penalize the advisor/manager's performance rating.

Note that when one company acquires all the business assets
of a securities broker, by purchase, capital contribution of
business assets, or non-taxable liquidation, it will also
acquire any ETF management contracts along with the assets.
The contracts will be transferred to the parent company when
an insurance company or broker that has contracts to manage
one or more ETF's is liquidated into the parent company in
a non-taxable liquidation.

Other than by acquiring all of the assets of a broker or
insurer that has investment advisory contracts, there is no
way to obtain such contracts, unless some advisor is fired
by the ETF it manages, and your brokerage or insurance
company is lucky enough to be randomly chosen as the new
fund advisor/manager.

@I0018
 - COMPANY NAMES.  The company names in the shareware version
of Wall Street Raider are "made up" names for 1590 companies,
based in 53 countries, and made as "global" in scope as
possible. Feel free to change the company names and stock
symbols in the CORPNAME.DAT file, if you want to use real
company names, using any ASCII text editor or word processing
program. 

IN ADDITION, IF YOU PURCHASED THE REGISTERED VERSION OF W$R
THAT INCLUDES THE "CUSTOMIZER" UTILITY PROGRAM, YOU WILL NOTE
THAT THE "OPTIONS" MENU ITEM FOR "CUSTOMIZER UTILITY" IS
FUNCTIONAL (IT IS "GRAYED OUT" IF YOU HAVEN'T PURCHASED A
REGISTERED VERSION OF W$R). CLICK ON THAT ITEM TO BRING
UP THE "CUSTOMIZER" UTILITY, WHICH ENABLES YOU TO QUICKLY
AND EASILY CHANGE THE NAME, STOCK SYMBOL AND COUNTRY OF
INCORPORATION FOR ANY OF THE 1590 COMPANIES IN W$R. (Changes
you make for any company are permanent -- until you make a
further change for that company with the Customizer.)

The CORPNAME.DAT file can also be edited to change the country
any corporation is based in, for purposes of the simulation.
(The last part of the CORPNAME.DAT file contains a list of the
53 countries and a numeric code from 0 to 52 for each country.)
Changing the country of incorporation to an East Asian
country or developing country will make the corporation much
more resistant to takeover (merger) offers, and can have other
subtle effects in the simulation. For example, if a company
is based in Korea, and Korea is victimized by a nuclear attack
from the North, all Korean-based companies will suffer.

Note that W$R now includes a "Name Change" button on the "MISC."
pop-up menu, which allows you to change the name of any company
you control (and its stock symbol, if you wish), for the
remainder of the current game. The next new game you start
will revert to the original set of names in the CORPNAME.DAT
file.

(However, as noted above, you can use any ASCII text editor
program to permanently modify company names/symbols in the
CORPNAME.DAT file, if you choose to do so, but we recommend
that you save a copy of the original file on a diskette or
elsewhere, in case you decide later that you want to restore
the original set of company names/symbols.)

@I0019
   ... SELLING STOCKS SHORT (SHORT SALES). In Wall Street
Raider, players (but not corporations) are allowed to sell
stocks "short." A short sale is, in effect, a bet that a
particular stock will go down in price. To make money on
the decline in the stock price, a player borrows stock
(which he or she does not own, directly) and sells that stock
"short." (Which means you eventually must buy it back, unless
the stock becomes worthless in a corporate bankruptcy.)

For example, you may sell the stock of XYZ Corp. short at $30
per share. When you do so, the cash from the sale proceeds goes
into a restricted "short margin account."

Later, let's say the stock of XYZ drops from $30 a share
all the way to $10, and you decide to "cover" your short
position at that time, by buying back the shares you sold
earlier and returning them to the owner who loaned the shares
to you. (In W$R, "the Public" is the owner from whom you
must borrow stock, in order to sell it short.) When you
cover your short position at $10 a share, you will have
a profit of $20 per share (the $30 you received on the
short sale, less $10 you paid to cover the short position),
ignoring brokerage costs to keep this example simple. Thus,
short selling can be quite profitable, if the stock you sell
short goes down in value. On the other hand, you will lose
money if the stock you shorted goes up, and you have to buy
it back at the higher price (say $60, in the above example).

Unlike buying a stock, where you can only lose the amount
you invested, your potential losses from a short sale
are theoretically almost infinite. For example, if you
short a stock at $2 a share, and later have to buy it
back at $100, you would have lost $98 a share on what
was a $2 stock. If, instead, you had bought the stock
at $2, and it went to zero, you could only lose the $2
per share. Thus, short selling, while it can be very
profitable, is very risky, and is not for the faint of
heart.

In W$R, you initiate a short sale, when the selected
entity doing transactions is you, the player, by clicking
on the "Buy / Sell" Transactions Menu button on the main
screen of W$R, and then clicking on the second button
on that menu, which will be labeled "Sell Stock Short"
(rather than "Sell Stock," which is how it would read if
the Active Entity doing the trade is a company you control).

To "cover" a short sale (buy back the stock you borrowed
and sold earlier), click on the first button on the
"Buy / Sell" Transactions Menu, which will read "Cover
Short Position" if you, the player, are the selected
entity doing the transaction. (Otherwise, if the selected
entity is a corporation you control, or if you do not
currently have any short positions, this button will
read: "Buy Stock.")

Once you have sold one or more stocks short, the cash
from the sale does not go into your regular cash account,
but is instead segregated in a special short margin account,
that pays no interest. The amount in that margin account,
which you must keep on deposit, needs to equal the market
value of all the stock(s) you have sold short at all times.
Thus, the program regularly computes your short sale liability,
which is the value of the stocks you have sold short, and if
that total is more than you have on deposit in the short
margin account, you have to add more money to the margin
account, which is automatically moved out of your regular
cash account (bank account). Or, if the value of the stocks
you have shorted drops and becomes less than the balance in
the short margin account, the excess is immediately distributed
to your regular (unrestricted) cash account. 

Accordingly, when you have a short position, you will notice
that your cash account balance fluctuates up and down every
few seconds, each time the program "marks to market" your
short position and transfers money back and forth between
your short margin account and your regular cash account. 

The money you have on deposit in the short margin account
is an asset, but it is offset exactly by the liability you
have -- the requirement that (some day) you must buy back
all the stocks you are short. Any time you cover a short
position by buying back a shorted stock, the money in the
short margin account is used first to purchase the stock.
If there is not enough money in the short margin account
(such as where you buy back all of the only stock which
you have shorted, and run up its price a bit with the 
purchases on the open market), you must make up the
shortage, out of your other assets. This is all done
automatically, by the software, of course.

In addition to keeping an amount on deposit in the short
margin account equal in value to all of the stocks you are
short, you must also maintain an adjusted net worth equal
to at least 1/3 (33 1/3%) of the value of all the shorted
stocks, as a "maintenance margin." If your adjusted net
worth falls below 1/3 of the short account total, you
will be forced to buy back some of the shorted stocks,
1% at a time, until your adjusted net worth is again
more than 1/3 of the value of the stocks you are still
short. (Your "adjusted net worth" is the same as your net
worth for all margin and credit rating purposes in W$R,
except that it only counts the intrinsic -- "in-the-money"
-- value of any options you own.)

Of course, such forced purchases will drive up the
stock price further, decreasing your net worth, so
that can be a vicious circle, much like the opposite
situation, where you own stocks and receive margin
calls, which force you to sell and drive down the
value of your remaining stock holdings in the company
you are forced to sell. 

One other margin rule regarding short sales is that
in order to do a short sale of, say $100 million
of stock, you must have an adjusted net worth of at
least 50% of that amount, or $50 million. Thus, when
you sell a stock short, you meet the 50% net worth
initial margin requirement, and will not be forced
to buy back the stock (generally) unless your adjusted
net worth falls to less than 33 1/3% of the value of
the short position (the maintenance margin
requirement, for short sales).

These rules are the mirror image of the W$R margin
rules for stocks you BUY -- where you must have $50
million of net worth to buy $100 million of stock
(on margin, a cash loan from your bank), and where
you must maintain an adjusted net worth equal to
33 1/3% or more of your margin debt liability.

As noted, in order to sell a stock short, you
must be able to borrow it. In the real world,
a short seller never knows when his or broker
may be unable to find (borrow) enough stock to
sell short, when doing large short sales, and
once a short sale is made, there is some risk
that the lending stockholders may demand their
stock back, in which case you would have to 
immediately buy back the stock in the market,
and deliver the borrowed shares back to the 
owner(s). 

In W$R, there is less uncertainty, and there are a
number of simple rules with regard to when you will
be able to borrow stock to sell it short, and when you
may be forced to cover short positions (other than due
to forced margin call buybacks, as described above).

First, you (and all other players, in the aggregate)
can only borrow and sell short a maximum of 50%
of the stock of a given company that is owned
by the Public. 

Second, no individual player can borrow and sell
short more than 20% of the stock of a particular
company. 

A couple of examples will illustrate how the above
rules work:

In the first example, assume 100% of the stock of
XYZ is owned by "the Public." This means players,
in total, can short up to 50% of the stock of
XYZ. Thus, Player 1 might short 20% of XYZ,
Player 2 might also short 20% of it, and Player 3
could short 10% of XYZ. If Player 4 decided to
also short XYZ stock, he or she would not be
able to, as no more stock would be available for
borrowing.

However, if another player or any corporation
buys up, say, 20% of the stock of XYZ, so only
80% remains in public hands, then the total
shares sold short by the 3 players would have
to immediately be reduced to 40% (50% of 80%).
This is a "short squeeze," where players are
forced to buy back some or all of a stock they
are short. The program will randomly select
which player or players must buy back the
stock, if more than one player is short that
particular stock, as each 1% buyback is done.

In a more extreme situation, let's say that IBM
does a tender offer and buys up 100% of the stock
of XYZ Corporation. In that case, ALL of the short
positions in XYZ would have to be covered, immediately,
since there would no longer be any "Public" shares
to borrow, and the players would recognize gains or
losses on the forced buyback, depending upon whether
the current stock price (as run up by the tender offer)
is above or below the price at which each player had
sold the XYZ stock short. (One player might have a
gain, another a loss, depending on the price at which
each, respectively, had shorted the XYZ stock.)

Other situations where the short sellers may be
forced to cover their entire short positions in
a company would include a (taxable) liquidation
of the company, or where the company is involved
in a merger or (in some cases) where a spin-off
of or by the company occurs. An LBO buyback of
stock by a company might also reduce the Public
stock "float" to a level that short sellers
would be forced to cover some or all of their
short positions in the stock. A "Greenmail"
buyback, on the other hand, would not cause
a "short squeeze," except in rare situations.

The best time to be short a stock (in W$R or the real
world) is when the company goes bankrupt and its
stock becomes worthless. In W$R, when that occurs,
your short position is automatically covered at
a price of $0 per share, so the entire amount you
received earlier from selling the stock short is
realized as a gain. The gain is pure profit, since
you incur no cost to cover the short position.

Note that in W$R, any gain or loss on a short
sale when a short position is covered is treated
as a capital gain or loss. (In the real world, at
least under U.S. tax laws, gains or losses on short
sales are generally short-term capital gains, which
are not treated as favorably as the long-term capital
gains that you might realize when you own a stock
and sell it for a gain, after holding it a year or
longer.)

Note also, that you may not sell short a stock of a company
that you control, since you are an "insider" and that would
be a conflict of interest, betting against the company you
are managing. If you already have a short position in a
stock, and you acquire control of the company (through another
company you control), you will soon be forced to cover your
short position.

@I0020
   ... EXECUTIVE STOCK OPTIONS. In recent versions of W$R,
(including the shareware versions), you will be granted a
2-year executive employee stock option (a call option) on
your company's stock in the first month of each quarter,
if you are CEO (president) of the company, and if its stock
is publicly traded and if profits have risen in the most
recent quarter, compared to the previous year. The option's
strike price will be at the higher of 5.00 per share or the
current stock price, on 1% to as much as 3% of the company's
stock. 

No options can be granted until the calendar year after you
have been elected as CEO of the company.

Also, no options are granted in a quarter when the company has
just reported a loss, or earnings that were lower than in the
prior year. If earnings are positive and have improved, you
will be granted options on 1% of the company's stock, generally.
However, if earnings are up by more than 15%, you will receive
a grant on 2% of the company's stock, or 3% if you also happen
to control over 50% of the company's stock.

The stock options expire two years after the date granted,
around the middle of the expiration month.

The value of each such option is a compensation expense
item for the company at the time of expiration, if the
options have any intrinsic value at the time -- that is,
if the company's stock price is higher than the option's
exercise price. Or, if you sell the option before its
expiration date, any amount you receive is also an expense
to the company, as employer, since you are selling the
options back to the employer (and pay no commission).

Because the cost of granting you such options may be substantial,
doing so may significantly reduce the corporation's earnings in
any quarter when an executive stock option expires (unless it is
worthless) or if it is sold or exercised prior to expiration.

Thus, you may prefer not to become a company's CEO in some cases,
in order to improve its reported earnings by not taking a salary,
bonus, or stock options. Note that if the company's stock is not
publicly traded, you will only receive a salary and bonus, but
no stock options, if you serve as the company's CEO (president). 

If you lose control of a company but continue for a while as its
CEO, you will continue to receive a salary and bonus, but no more
grants of stock options. Furthermore, once you cease to be the
CEO of a company and no longer control the company, any unvested 
options you hold on its stock will be revoked (forfeited) before 
they can vest, immediately.

Sale (voluntary) or exercise of employee stock options is restricted
until a year after the date of grant, so if you are granted
stock options by your company in July, 2015, expiring in July
of 2017, you may not (voluntarily) sell the options until they
vest in July, 2016. (In the shareware version, sale of employee
options is totally restricted, until the exercise date, even
if they have vested. You may set the "Exercise Options?" item
on the "Settings" Menu to either exercise stock options at
expiration -- if possible and allowable -- or settle them for
cash at their value at that time. You may not exercise or sell
employee options before expiration in the shareware version.)

The grant of the options to you as CEO is not a taxable event
and is not an expense for the employer company at the time of the
grant (and will never be an expense, if it expires, worthless).
You only pay tax on this "executive perk" if you sell the
options, and then at favorable capital gains rates. If you
exercise an option at or before its expiration date, your
cost for the stock is only the exercise price you pay, since
you have a zero cost basis ("tax basis") for the option
itself. (Ordinarily, where you purchase a call option and
exercise it to buy stock, the cost of the option is added
to the cost you pay to buy the stock, in determining your
"tax basis" for the acquired stock.)

@I0021
 - CHEAT MENU. Double-click on the Wall Street Raider logo
image on the main screen and you will be allowed to add any
amount of cash you desire to your player bank account. However,
this cheat is available only after a game is loaded and when
you have Cheat Mode turned on. (Use the SETTINGS drop-down
menu to toggle Cheat Mode on or off.) 

Remember that if you use this feature to add money to your
account, the game you are playing will not be counted as your
"personal best" game. Also, if you add $xxx million to YOUR
bank account, the program will add $xxx million to the account
of each other player in the current game, in order to keep
things even. 

You can also enter a negative number, like -100, which would
subtract 100 million from your bank account, if you want to
experience some financial hardship or even bankruptcy. Reducing
your cash will not be considered a "cheat" that disqualifies the
current game as a "personal best" and will not reduce the other
players' bank accounts.

The Cheat Menu also allows you to get (illegal) "inside information"
on upcoming mergers or earnings turnarounds. Using the "inside
information" cheats will not disqualify your score but be forewarned --
you may be caught and hit with a huge fine for using such illicitly
obtained inside information.

Note that you may also access the Cheat Menu by clicking on the
"Cheat" button, which is one of the four buttons in the "OTHER"
group of buttons on the main screen.

The Cheat Menu is not accessible if "Cheat Mode" has been
turned off on the "Settings" pull-down menu by any player.

@I0100
MAIN (Trading Desk) MENU SCREEN

The main, or Trading Desk screen, is where much of the action
takes place in Wall Street Raider, by branching off to
various "pop-up" menus for research, doing transactions,
and other functions. Also, various functions can be called or
settings can be controlled and changed by selecting the "File," 
"Game Options," or "Settings" pulldown menus, located in the 
upper left corner of the main screen.

The following paragraphs describe each of the various features
of the main Trading Desk screen:

@I0102
 - FILE (dropdown menu).  Click on "File" to start a new
game, continue an unfinished game, or to save the current
game to disk. Each of the items on the dropdown File menu
is briefly described below:

@I0103
   ... NEW GAME / RESTART (File Menu item).  Click on "New Game"
to load a new game database from disk, and randomize it. Each
game starts off with a different set of data for each company,
so no two games are ever the same, even at the start.

If you have already loaded a new or saved game, or have just
ended a game, this item will read "Restart," rather than "New
Game," and clicking on it will cause you to dump the current
or just-finished game data and start a new session, where you
will be able to either select "New Game" or "Open Saved Game"
to start a new game or load a saved game into memory.

@I0104
   ... OPEN SAVED GAME (File Menu item).  Click on "Open Saved
Game" retrieves either the last game you were playing, or any
of 50 games you may have saved to disk as Game 01, 02, etc.

@I0105
   ... SAVE GAME (File Menu item).  Click on "Save Game" to save
the current game to disk. This may take a few seconds, as the
data file is quite large. When W$R has finished saving the
game successfully, a small message box will appear, telling
you that the game has been saved (and giving the game number),
after which you can proceed with playing the game, if you wish,
or can quit.

@I0106
   ... SAVE GAME AS (File Menu item).  Click on "Save Game As" if
you want to save the current game as a different game number than
the number assigned to it when you started the game. Thus, for
example, if you are playing Game #1, you might save it to disk
in the year 2007 by clicking on the "Save Game" button. Later on
in the game, in the year 2015 of play, you may decide to save another
copy of the game at that stage, and could click on "Save Game As"
and save it as Game #2. Thus, the next time you play, you could
either load Game #1 and resume play at 2007, or load Game #2 and
resume play at year 2015.

@I0107
   ... EXIT (File Menu item).  Click on "Exit" to quit the current
session of Wall Street Raider and close the program. The current
game will not be automatically saved, so if you wish to save it
for continued play later, be sure to do so before you Exit the
program.

@I0110
 - GAME OPTIONS (dropdown menu)
Click on "Game Options" at the top of the main screen of the
program, to change various settings, such as the speed of the
stock ticker, the national currency selection, selection of a
law firm to represent you antitrust and other legal battles, or
to toggle "Cheat Mode" on or off.

@I0112
   ... HIGH SCORE (Game Options Menu item).  Click on this option
to see the highest game store to date, if any have been high
enough to be recorded. Scores under $100 million U.S. or the
equivalent are not recorded as high scores, as that is the
minimum amount with which you can start a game of W$R.

@I0113
  ... TUTORIAL (Game Options Menu item). Click on this item to
open the Internet Explorer browser and view the Wall Street
Raider Tutorial, which is primarily for first time players
of this simulation. In the registered version, the tutorial
is online, and requires an Internet connection, but the
tutorial is probably a bit "too basic" for anyone who has
purchased the registered version, and is provided mainly
to help users of the shareware version get started. In the
shareware version, the Tutorial is provided as an HTML
file that is bundled with the software, and no Internet
connection is needed.

@I0114
  ... UPDATES (Game Options Menu item). To see if you have the most
recent version of Wall Street Raider, click on this item to go
to the "Updates" page of the Ronin Software website (if you have
an Internet connection). There you can either download the latest
shareware version, or, if you are a registered user, purchase the 
latest registered version at a greatly reduced price. You will
also see a summary of the latest changes in the program, or a
link to a page with such a summary, to help you decide whether
you want to upgrade to the newest version or not.

NOTE:  This menu item does not appear in some shareware versions
of Wall Street Raider.

@I0116
   ... VIEW W$R MANUAL/REGISTER/ORDER W$R MANUAL (Game Options Menu
item). This item will vary, depending upon the version of W$R
you are using, and whether or not you have ordered the W$R
Strategy Manual (HTML files). If you have the shareware version
of W$R, this item will always be titled "Register," and clicking
on it will take you directly to the Ronin Software website,
if you have an Internet connection.

There you can order the registered version of Wall Street Raider.

If you are using the Registered Version, this item will be titled
"Order W$R Manual," and clicking on it will also take you to the
Ronin Software website (if you have an Internet connection), where
you can order the W$R Strategy Manual, if you wish to "buy the
book" on Wall Street Raider.

If you already have the Strategy Manual (HTML files), and have
installed it in the same directory as the W$R program, the program
will detect it and this item will be titled "View WSR Manual,"
so that clicking on it will load your web browser and display the
Table of Contents of the W$R Strategy Manual (which consists of
a large HTML or hypertext file). Near the beginning of the HTML
file, once you are viewing it, you will see a link to the Microsoft
Word .DOC file version of the Manual, which is also included,
and which you may want to open if you wish to print out a hard
copy of the Manual, since the Word files are easier to print if 
you wish to do 2-sided printing to save paper (print the odd pages 
first, then the even-numbered ones after flipping the paper over). 


@I0117
   ... VIEW PRINTABLE MANUAL (Game Options Menu item).  This
menu item is only shown in registered versions of Wall Street
Raider and only if you have ordered and installed the "Full
Package" of v. 4.10 through 6.11, which includes an Adobe .PDF
file version of the W$R Strategy Manual, for easy printing.
Or, in v. 6.20 or later, a Microsoft Word .DOC file is included,
instead of a .PDF file.

The W$R software checks to see if the WSR_PDF.PDF or WSRBOOK.DOC
file is present in the same directory as the W$R software, and if
so, displays this menu item in the Game Options Menu. Clicking
on this menu item loads your web browser and the WSR_PDF.PDF
file -- but you must have the (free) Adobe Reader software
installed on your computer in order to view or print the
.PDF file. If you do not have the Adobe Reader software,
you may download a free copy from the Adobe.com web site.
(Adobe.com is not affiliated in any way with Ronin Software.)

(Most computers will already have the Adobe Reader software
installed.)

In v. 6.20, a Microsoft Word file replaces the .PDF file that
was included in versions 4.10 through 6.11.

@I0118
   ... CUSTOMIZER UTILITY (Game Options Menu item).  This optional
utility program (not included with shareware version), which
is included with the W$R "full package" (commercial version),
allows you to permanently change company names, stock symbols,
and nation where based (incorporated), permanently. This feature
differs from the "Name Change" feature in the main W$R program,
which lets you change the name of a company you control, but
only for that particular game. 

The CUSTOMIZER allows a player to permanently change company
name/symbol/country for any of the 1590 companies that make up
the simulation, including the "dormant" companies that are not
in existence at the start of a new game, but may appear during
the game, spontaneously or when a player does a "startup." 

Changes that are made with the CUSTOMIZER will take effect in
the next NEW game that you start, since the CORPNAME.DAT that
contains company names is loaded into memory when any new game
is started, and is saved as part of that game's database, if
you save the game and continue it later.

Don't be shy about "permanently" changing names or stock symbols.
Once you save a new set of names/symbols, the program will
back up the original set (CORPNAME.DAT file), and the next
time you run the Customizer, a new "Restore Original Set of
Names" button will appear. Click on it if you want to revert
back to the original data set of names, stock symbols, etc.,
that came with Wall Street Raider.

If the CUSTOMIZ.EXE file is not present in the same directory
as WSR.EXE, it will appear on the Options Menu, but will be
"grayed out." 

@I0119
   ... SMALL BUSINESS ADVISOR DOWNLOAD (Game Options Menu item).
Click on this item if you wish to download a free copy of our
other software program, the "Small Business Advisor," which
includes one or more books, in electronic format, of the
"Starting and Operating a Business" e-book series, a series
that includes up-to-date and very comprehensive e-book editions
for most U.S. states, such as "Starting and Operating a Business
in California," "Starting and Operating a Business in New York,"
etc. (Each book, if printed out, is about 500 pages long.) It's
a small way of our thanking you for trying Wall Street Raider.

(NOTE: We have removed this free item link from recent editions of W$R,
since some online shareware distributors considered W$R to be "adware"
if we were giving away Small Business Advisor through a link in W$R. Sorry....)


@I0120
 - SETTINGS (dropdown menu)

@I0121
   ... TICKER SPEED (Settings Menu item).  Click on this item
to change the speed at which the stock ticker moves, which will
vary, depending on how fast a computer you have, so you can
set the ticker speed at any setting from 1 (slowest) to 100
(fastest), so it runs at a speed that you like, on your
computer.

Note that "time" progresses as the main screen ticker moves
in W$R, so the faster the ticker speed setting, the sooner
you will complete a game, generally.

@I0122
   ... CURRENCY (Settings Menu item).  Click on this item
to choose the national currency in which W$R will be
denominated. The U.S. dollar (in millions) is the default,
but you can choose any of 20 other currencies, including
the Euro, instead. Some currencies, where exchange rates
are in the hundreds or thousands per dollar, will be shown
in billions, rather than millions (U.S. billions -- 1,000
million, not U.K. billions, which are a million million).

Once a game is started, the currency cannot be changed for
that game, so select the currency you want BEFORE loading a
new game into memory. Otherwise, if you select a currency
after a game has begun, the new currency selection will not
apply until the next new game you start.

@I0123
   ... CHEAT MODE (Settings Menu item).  This feature lets 
you turn off "Cheat Mode," if you do not want to be tempted 
by various "ethical choice scenarios" during the game. Or 
turn "Cheat Mode" back on, if you change your mind. Note 
that you cannot turn Cheat Mode off when a scenario is 
currently in progress. 

Note that if you double-click on the W$R logo or on the
"Cheat" button on the main screen, a "Cheat Menu" will
pop up. Using it, you can add money to your bank account,
as a cheat (or reduce your bank account), by any amount,
if you want to experiment with going bankrupt and see what
that is like. The Cheat Menu also provides a chance for
you to obtain illicit "inside information" about upcoming
corporate developments that will have drastic (good or bad)
effects on a certain company's stock, in order to profit
on the information before the information becomes widely
known.

However, to access the Cheat Menu, you must have started play
and Cheat Mode must be turned "on."

@I0124
   ... SELECT LAW FIRM (Settings Menu item).  This option lets 
you choose one of three levels of legal representation, a 
Cheap law firm, an Average law firm, or an Expensive law firm.

Obviously, the Expensive law firm will charge you a lot more
to represent you or your companies in antitrust or other
lawsuits, but you will generally have a better chance of
winning a case if you choose the Expensive firm than if
you hire a Cheap or Average firm as your lawyers.

@I0125
   ... SUPPRESS POPUPS (Settings Menu item). Toggle this item on
or off. If turned on, it will suppress display of small popup
news announcements that otherwise would occur when the stock
ticker is running, during the current session of play. This
can be handy if you control 50, or 100, or more corporations,
in which case you might find it annoying to see news items on
one of your companies popping up very frequently, such as every
few seconds. Turning suppression mode "On" will prevent those 
popups from occurring.

Click on this again, if suppression mode is "On," to turn off
suppression mode.

Turning suppression mode "On" will not prevent display of other
important news interruptions, such as a new earnings report for
the current "Active Entity," or announcements of bankruptcy of a
bank or insurance company, or total ("Chapter 7"-type) bankruptcy
of other companies. Nor will it suppress occasional announcements
of major economic/political events, such as changes in tax rates,
wars breaking out, and the like.

The default setting is "Off," and it is recommended that you use
the "Off" setting during the early part of a game, when you may 
only control a few companies, and when it will be important for
you to know immediately if some important news has been announced
regarding any of the companies you control. Later in the game,
if you acquire control of a large number of companies, and begin
seeing popup news items on your companies every few seconds, you
may want to turn suppression mode "On."

This setting is saved to a configuration file, and will be in
effect at the start of each game you start, until changed. Each
player in a multi-player game is allowed to individually set
this item for his or her turn, and his or her preference is
saved if the current game data is saved to disk.

@I0126 
   ... SUPPRESS EARN REPORTS (Settings Menu Item). Toggle this item
on or off. If it is turned on, it will suppress automatic display
of pop-up earnings reports for companies you control. This function
may be useful if you control a large number of companies, and the
frequent pop-ups of earnings reports become annoying. Turning this
item on will not prevent the pop-up earnings report for a company
that is currently the "Active Entity," however. 

The default setting is "Off," and it is recommended that you use
the "Off" setting during the early part of a game, when you may
only control a few companies and when it will be important for
you to know immediately when one of those companies has just
had a new earnings report released. Later in the game, if you
acquire control of a large number of companies, and begin 
seeing popup earnings reports for your companies every few
seconds, you may want to turn this item "On," to suppress those
announcements. 

This setting is saved to a configuration file, and will be in
effect at the start of each game you start, until changed. Each
player in a multi-player game is allowed to individually set
this item for his or her turn, and his or her preference is
saved if the current game data is saved to disk.

@I0127
   ... AUTOSAVE (Settings Menu item). Toggle this item on or off.
If it is turned on, the program will pause briefly at the end of 
each calender quarter of play, to save the data set for the current 
game, at that point in time. If AutoSave is turned off, the game
will only be saved at any point if you manually click on the "Save
Game" or "Save Game As" item on the File Menu.

Whether AutoSave is turned on or off, if you decide to exit the
Wall Street Raider program, and wish to save the game at that
point, you will need to use the "Save Game" or "Save Game As"
feature on the File Menu to save the game data.

The AutoSave setting is saved to a configuration file, and will
be in effect at the start of each game you start, until changed.
Any player in a multi-player game is allowed to individually set
this item for his or her turn, and his or her preference is
saved if the current game data is saved to disk. Only one game
file is saved, under the game number (1 to 50) for that particular
game. Thus, if there are several players and only one turns on
the Autosave feature, the game file will be saved only at the
end of each quarter that ends during his or her turn.

@I0128
   ... EXERCISE OPTIONS (Settings Menu item). Toggle this item
on or off. If it is turned off, options you (or any company
you control) have bought or sold short will be settled (sold
or bought back) on their expiration date. If turned on, options
that are "in-the-money" (calls, where the stock price is above
the exercise price; puts, where the stock price is below the
exercise price) will generally be exercised, subject to certain
exceptions. 

If this setting is turned on, your stock will be sold at the
exercise price if you own in-the-money puts or if you are short
in-the-money calls. If you have no stock to sell, such options
will be settled (sold or bought back) at their intrinsic value.

If this setting is turned on and you are long call options or
short put options, where such options are in-the-money, you will
purchase stock at the option exercise price, if there is adequate
publicly traded stock to be purchased and if you have sufficient
buying power. However, you will not purchase stock through an option
exercise if doing so would turn the company into a private company
(one that no longer has any publicly-traded stock outstanding).
Also, you will not be allowed to purchase stock through an option
exercise if you are currently short the stock or if you lack the
buying power (cash plus line of credit) to do so. In any case
where you are not allowed or are not able to purchase stock
through an option exercise at the expiration date, the option
contract will instead be settled by selling the option or buying
it back (if short) at its intrinsic value, if any.

Options may now be exercised before their expiration date in
registered versions of the program. Toggling the EXERCISE OPTIONS?
feature on or off does not affect your ability to exercise options
early (before their expiration date).

In prior versions of W$R, before Version 5.40, you were not allowed
to exercise a call option if doing so would give you control of a
company. That restriction was generally removed in Version 5.40.
However, as with trying to buy control of a company, exercising
a call option to gain control may still be prohibited if gaining
control would violate antitrust rules, by giving you to large a
share of control of a particular industry (not necessarily the
industry of the stock you are acquiring -- the company you are
acquiring may control other companies in an industry where you
would obtain an excessively large market share).

@I0129
   ... MAKE PHYSICAL DELIVERY (Settings Menu item). Toggle this
item to "Yes" or "No," depending upon whether or not you want to
make delivery (sell) a physical commodity you own, if you have
sold short a futures contract on that commodity, when that futures
contract expires. For example, if you set this toggle item to "Yes"
and own physical gold, some or all of the gold will be delivered
(sold at the futures contract price) when a gold futures contract
you have sold short expires.

If the futures contract is for more of the physical commodity than
you own, all of it will be delivered, and the remainder of the
futures contract will be settled for cash. If you own more of the
physical commodity than is covered by the futures contract, you
will only deliver the amount of the physical commodity covered
by the contract. When you deliver a commodity, you will receive
cash for it, at the price agreed to in the futures contract you
sold short.

You will have a taxable gain or loss on the futures contract,
and also a gain or loss on the physical commodity you are selling.
In some cases, you may have a gain on the futures and a loss on
the physical sale, or vice versa in other cases.

If you toggle this setting to "No," then all futures contracts
you sell short will be settled for cash at expiration, as in
Versions of W$R prior to Version 7.0 -- even if you own some of
the physical commodity. 

Note that the Stock Index is not a "physical commodity," so
physical delivery does not apply to the Stock Index, when you
are dealing in stock index futures. Stock Index futures will
always be settled for cash.

@I0130
   ... TAKE PHYSICAL DELIVERY (Settings Menu item). Toggle this
item to "Yes" or "No," depending upon whether or not you want to
take delivery of (buy) the physical commodity when a "long" futures
contract you have bought expires. For example, if you buy a futures
contract on 1 million barrels of oil at $90 per barrel, and the
contract expiration occurs when you have set this toggle item
to the "Yes" setting, no gain or loss will be recognized at the
settlement date. Instead, you will simply take possession of 1
million barrels of oil as a physical commodity holding, and will
pay the $90 million price according to the terms of the futures
contract (even if the current spot price of oil is $125, or $70).
If you already own some physical oil, you will add the new delivery
to the amount you owned. 

If you toggle this setting to "No," then all futures contracts
you buy will be settled for cash at expiration, as in Versions
of W$R prior to Version 7.0.

Note that the Stock Index is not a physical commodity, so that
there can be no physical delivery (purchase) of the Stock Index
when Stock Index futures are settled. They will always be settled
for cash.

CAUTION: While you can buy and sell futures contracts on very large
amounts of a commodity, with only a 5% margin requirement, you had
better have a large amount of cash or credit if you set the "Take
Physical Delivery" setting as "Yes," since you will need to pay the
full contract price when a futures contract you own is settled at its
expiration date. For example, if you buy oil futures with a "notional"
value of $100 million, you would only need to deposit $5 million in a
commodity margin account to buy the futures (plus pay a $1 million
commission). However, if you have to "take delivery" when that
contract expires, you will need to come up with another $95 million
of cash to acquire the oil. If you can't, you will be forced to dump
the commodity on the market and possibly sell other assets.

@I0131
   ... CHART SIZE (Settings Menu item). Toggle this item
back and forth between "large" and "small," depending upon
which size stock charts you prefer to view. The small stock
chart will appear in the upper left corner of the screen,
while the large size stock chart will cover virtually the
entire screen. In Versions 6.50 and later, charts are also
available for all of the commodities, the stock market index,
a player's net worth, GDP rate, and various interest rates.

Stock charts (for individual companies) are only available
in registered versions of the game. However, the other charts
(for the shares of Exchange-Traded Funds or ETF's, the Stock
Index, Gross Domestic Product or GDP growth rate, commodities,
interest rates, and a player's net worth) are all available 
in both the registered and shareware versions of the program. 

@I0132
   ... AUTO ADD TO STREAM LIST. This is another toggle switch or
setting. Toggle this item back and forth, depending on whether or
not you want a stock to be automatically added to the Streaming
Stock Quotes List each time a new "Active Entity" (company) is
selected. If this item is "ON," and the Streaming Stock Quotes
List is not yet full, the stock of a newly selected "Active Entity"
will automatically be added to the list (unless it is one of the
last two stocks you have deleted from the list).

@I0133
   ... AUTOPILOT (GLOBAL). Toggle this switch "ON" and the program
will manage all the corporations you control, in nearly the same
manner as if you did not control them. (One difference is that
when your companies are on "AutoPilot," they will not randomly
initiate a merger.) Toggling this (global) switch "ON" or "OFF"
sets the AutoPilot variable for each company you control to "ON"
or "OFF." However, you can use the "TOGGLE AUTOPILOT ON/OFF"
button on the Management Menu to override the global setting,
for a specific company that you control.

Once the global setting is determined, any company you acquire
control of will automatically take on the same ON or OFF setting
as this global AutoPilot setting.

Depending on their cash levels and overall financial strength,
your companies that are on "AutoPilot" may from time to time
purchase or sell stock of another company, but will not do so
without first asking your permission. Most other decisions,
such as on capital spending growth rates, R&D or marketing
spending, or dividend payouts, will be made automatically,
on a generally rational basis.

If you are elected President and CEO of one company you control,
however, you will still need to make all significant management
decisions for that company, even if AutoPilot is turned "ON."

AutoPilot is a new feature. In prior versions of W$R, you had
to make the management decisions for ALL of your controlled
companies. That is still true in this version, if AutoPilot is
toggled to the "OFF" setting. Thus, you will probably want it
"OFF" in early stages of a game, when you only control a few
companies. Later, if you are successful and you acquire control
of numerous companies, it may become too difficult to actively
manage all of them, so you may want to turn AutoPilot "ON"
at that point.

Using AutoPilot lets you operate like a Warren Buffett, in that
you don't have to micro-manage every decision that needs to be
made in your corporate empire. Instead, you can delegate decisions
such as whether and when to make acquisitions of stock, bonds
or business assets when one of your companies has piled up too
much idle cash -- or to sell off such investments if a company's
cash is running dangerously low and its line of credit is no longer
available. However, as noted above, such major decisions as buying
or selling stocks of other companies, or issuing stock, will
generally not be made until the company that is on AutoPilot
requests and obtains permission from you.

Like Buffett, you just have to make the occasional wise big
decisions for your main companies, so you can keep your
financial empire growing and moving in the right direction.

Notice that even when AutoPilot is "ON," you can still step in
and make any management decisions you wish for your companies,
if the need arises. For example, you could set Company ABC's
growth rate at 30% and have it buy stock of Company XYZ.
However, if you have turned AutoPilot "ON" and are not ABC's
President/CEO, the program may soon decide to change ABC's
growth rate to 5%, for example, or to increase its level of
spending on R&D or marketing from where you had set it. The
AutoPilot function attempts to sensibly manage your controlled
companies, like all of the other UNcontrolled companies in
the simulation, in a somewhat intelligent manner, seeking to
maximize their profits.

The default AutoPilot setting for each player at the start
of a new game is "OFF."

@I0134
   ... SWEEP CASH TO REDUCE LOAN?  This is another toggle switch
or setting. Toggle this item back and forth, depending on whether
or not you want any cash in your bank account (from sales of
assets, income, etc.) to immediately be "swept" (applied) to
your bank loan, reducing the amount of the loan and thus saving
you interest expense on the loan. Toggle this setting "ON" to do
so, or toggle it "OFF" if you do not want cash to automatically
go towards reducing your bank debt. 

Note that one downside of turning this feature on, if you have
no line of credit, is that any expense, such as interest or taxes,
that creates a deficit in your bank account will cause you to have
to sell off assets to cover the overdraft. Thus, if you do not
have any line of credit you can draw on, you may want to turn this
setting "OFF" so you can stockpile a bit of cash, in order to be
able to pay any expenses that arise while you are unable to borrow
any money.

Your line of credit (ability to borrow) from your bank may be
zero if your credit rating is poor or if your bank has "frozen"
your line of credit (such as when another player controls your
bank lender and decides to "freeze" your loan, as a mean, nasty
tactic). 

Another time it will be preferable to turn off the "sweep" setting
is on those rare occasions when the interest rate you are earning
on your cash (bank deposits) is higher than the loan interest rate
you are paying on your bank debt. In that case, it obviously makes
no sense to pay down the debt.

@I0136
 - HELP (dropdown menu).  This dropdown menu contains several
informational or ordering items, described below.

@I0137
   ... WALL STREET RAIDER HELP - F1 (Help Menu item).  This Help
Menu item displays the contents of the W$R Help file, which you
are viewing part of at this moment. The Help Menu contents can
be accessed by clicking on this menu item, or by pressing the
"H" key when the Help Menu is visible, or at any time the main
screen is visible, by pressing the "F1" key.

@I0136
   ... LARGE FONTS/SCREEN SIZE (Help Menu item).  We designed
the full-screen version of W$R so that as many functions as
possible would be directly accessible from the main menu
screen. This requires that your Windows operating system be
set for a screen resolution of 1024 x 768 pixels. Nearly all
computer monitors in the last several years have a "native
resolution" of either 1024 x 768 pixels or higher, such as
1366 x 768, although Windows allows you to set the screen
resolution at various settings.

If your monitor is an old one (Win 98 or earlier system) and
is set at a low resolution, such as 800 x 600 (which was
common on many older computer systems) the main Wall Street
Raider screen will be only partly visible. If that is the case,
you need to change your screen resolution setting to 1024 x 768.
Newer monitors, set at higher resolutions, will not have this
problem, unless you change the font size to large fonts.

Unfortunately, different monitors or different versions of
the Windows operating system will display the same program
in very different ways. There simply is not sufficient room
on your screen to fit in all the buttons, stock and news
tickers, balance sheet information and other features of the
new full-screen version of Wall Street Raider, if you have
set up Windows with 800 x 600 screen resolution. That is
true regardless of which operating system or type of computer
monitor you use.

The same problem with the display of Wall Street Raider can
also arise if you have configured Windows in "Large Font"
mode (125% or 150% of the normal sized fonts), on some systems,
though this is generally not a problem when the display is set 
for 1024 x 768 pixels resolution or higher.

To view the entire W$R main screen, you need to change the
Windows screen resolution setting to 1024 x 768 (and, possibly,
also change the font size setting to "Normal Fonts") which can
be done in a few seconds, as follows on a Windows 98 or XP system:

Step 1. Right-click on your Windows Desktop.

Step 2. Then click on "Properties." 

Step 3. Select the "Settings" tab by clicking on it.

Step 4. Then move the "Screen Resolution" slider bar to the
1024 x 768 setting, and then click on either the "Apply" or
"OK" button. (Step 5, changing the "Font Size," may not be
necessary, if you can see the entire Wall Street Raider
screen, after choosing the 1024 x 768 pixels setting.)

Step 5: Windows XP Systems:  If you have your Windows XP
system configured for "Large Fonts," follow Steps
1 and 2 above again, but then, instead of clicking on the
"Settings" tab in Step 3, click on the "Appearance" tab instead,
and select "Normal Fonts" from the dialog screen that pops up.
Then click on "OK" to confirm the change. (However, as noted
above, you may not need to change to "Normal Fonts" on some new
computers, if the screen resolution is set at 1024 x 768 pixels.)

Step 5: Vista or Windows 7 systems: Click on the "Start" button,
then on Help and Support. When the Help/Support screen comes up,
enter "screen resolution" as a search item, and follow the
instructions for changing the screen resolution on your computer.

We apologize for the inconvenience, for those users who
prefer to use 800 x 600 pixel display mode (or the Windows
Large Font setting). However, we felt it would be even more
inconvenient, for the large majority of computer users who
use the Normal Fonts and the 1024 x 768 or higher screen
resolutions on newer machines, if they did not have all the
research and information features of W$R visible and at
their fingertips, on a single screen.

(All other W$R screens, other than the main menu screen, WILL
display fully in Large Font mode, or at a 800 x 600 screen
resolution, however.)

To summarize, the full-screen version of Wall Street
Raider requires the following Windows settings:

(1) Screen resolution set at 1024 x 768 pixels (or higher)
(on all systems).

(2) In some older systems, "Normal Fonts." ("Large Fonts"
is OK in some newer systems, or with newer monitors, and
even "Extra Large Fonts" will work OK on some systems, as
long as the screen resolution is set at 1024 x 768 or higher.)

NOTE: The prior, small-screen versions of Wall Street Raider
can be viewed in either 800 x 600 pixel resolution, or 1024 x
768 resolution (or higher). On newer XP, Vista or Win 7/8 systems,
the small-screen version can be viewed satisfactorily with either
"Large Fonts" or "Small Fonts" settings, though on most older
monitors the main W$R screen will be too large to fit entirely
on your monitor's screen if you are using "Large Fonts," if you
have the screen resolution set at 800 x 600.

@I0137
   ...HOT KEYS (Where are they, in Windows versions after Win 98?)
(Help Menu item). If you are using Windows XP, Vista, or Win 7/8/9,
you may notice that none of the "hot key" letters on buttons
are visible. (That is, you cannot see the underlining under a
letter, like the "O" in "CLOSE" buttons, which executes that
button if you press the "O" key.) The "hot key" functions
still work, if you know which letter to press, and the
underlines will appear if you press the ALT key, in Windows
XP or Win7. But this can be annoying for menus, since
every time you create a new dialog window (that is a menu),
you must press the ALT key to see what the underlined letters
are on each button on that dialog window, in order to use the
"hot key" function correctly.

While the underlined letters were always displayed in
Windows 95 and 98, this is just an optional setting in
XP, so they may or may not be visible all the time. 
Fortunately, in Windows XP you can change this setting
so the underlined letters are always visible. (Not so
with later versions of Windows.)

To do so, follow these seven steps if using Windows XP:

(1) Anywhere on the Desktop, right click on your mouse,
then click on "Properties" on the menu that pops up.

(2) When the "Display Properties" dialog appears,
click on the "Appearance" tab.

(3) Next, click on the "Effects" button, which
brings up an "Effects" dialog window.

(4) Look for the item on the list of effects that
is described as: "Hide underlined letters for keyboard
navigation until I press the Alt key" and UNcheck the
box for that item.

(5) Click on "OK" to close the "Effects" dialog.

(6) Click on the "Apply" button on the "Display
Properties" dialog, and

(7) Click on "OK" button to close the "Display
Properties" dialog box.

Once you have unchecked the box (in step #4 above),
the underlined letters for "hot key" keyboard
navigation will always be visible, in Wall Street
Raider and in all other Windows XP programs. You
will no longer have to guess which letter in a
particular command button is the one to press as
a "hot key" for that button.

@I0138
   ... REGISTRATION INFO (Help Menu item).  Click on this
item to see your registration number, if you are using
the registered version. If you are using the shareware
version, you will be asked if you want to go to the
roninsoft.com website to register and obtain the full
version of Wall Street Raider.

@I0142
   ... ABOUT (Help Menu item). This item merely displays
the version number of W$R and copyright notices, generally.
In the registered versions of W$R, it will also show the
name you have entered as the licensed user of the program,
and your registration number, which you will need to refer
to if you contact Ronin Software for customer support,
following your purchase of the registered version.

@I0145
 - MY BALANCE SHEET (display).  This section of the main screen
shows the current player's financial "balance sheet" or summary
of assets and liabilities. The first item shown is the player's
cash; the second item is "Other Assets" (such as stocks and bonds);
the third item is Total Assets; the fourth is debt owed (bank
loans of the player); and the final, bottom-line number is the
player's net worth (assets minus liabilities).

The balance sheet information is updated regularly, every few
seconds, as the stock ticker runs.

@I0146
 - INDUSTRY GROUP SELECTED (droplist).  Located just above
"My Balance Sheet" on the left side of the main W$R screen, this
droplist always shows the currently selected industry group, for
which information will be displayed when you click on either the
"Industry Projection" or "Industry Summary" button in the "General"
(research) pop-up menu. The selected industry can also be picked
from the list of all industries displayed when you click on the
"Industrial Growth Rates" button on the "General Research Menu,"
and any time you change the "Active Entity" to a different company,
that company's industry becomes the selected industry.

Or you can also click on this "Industry Group Selected" droplist,
and change the selected industry by clicking on any of the
industries shown on the drop list. This droplist also includes
all 71 industries in W$R, including the financial industries
(banking, insurance, and holding/trading companies).

@I0147
 - STOCK TICKER (display).  The stock ticker on the main screen,
when it is running, signifies that time is passing and things
are happening in the simulation. While the simulation updates
stock prices of hundreds of companies every second, only a
sampling of such updated stock prices are shown on the ticker.
Typically, for every second the ticker runs, the earnings of
anywhere from a few companies to 50 or more companies are being
computed, updated, taxes paid, etc.

Click on "Settings"/Ticker Speed if you wish to change the
speed at which the stock ticker runs.

@I0148
 - NEWS TICKER (display). This box on the main screen scrolls
at irregular intervals, displaying recent company headlines and
other news items. To see all of the last 60 headlines that have
been announced, click on the View News button, to see the "back
issues."

@I0150
 - OTHER DISPLAYED ITEMS.  To help you keep track of changing
economic circumstances and better handle your investments, W$R's
main screen displays several other informational items, in
addition to the stock ticker and news ticker. These include:

 (1) The Prime Rate of interest charged by banks and the
current interest rate (yield to maturity) on both the
long and short government bonds. Click on this displayed
item to see a chart of the monthly history of that interest
rate, for up to five years prior to the current date. If
you then click on the "TRADE" button on the chart for any
of these three interest rates, you will immediately go to
the dialog screen for creating interest rate swap contracts
for the interest rate whose chart you were viewing.

 (2) The "spot prices" of crude oil, gold, silver, wheat, and
corn (all of which are quoted always in U.S. dollars, even
if you have configured the game for a different currency).
Click on the displayed price for any of these five commodities
and a chart of that commodity's "spot" price history will be
shown. Clicking on the "TRADE" button on such a chart will
enable you to buy or sell short commodity futures contracts
on the commodity whose chart you were viewing. Once you are
at the Commodity Desk menu, you can instead buy or sell
the physical commodity, if you click on the "--> PHYSICAL"
toggle button. Or, if it says "--> FUTURES" you are already
in physical commodity trading mode, and you can click on the
button to switch back to futures trading mode. (No "TRADE"
button will appear on a commodity chart if the entity that
would be trading is a bank or insurance company. Those
entities are not allowed to trade commodities in W$R, except
that insurance companies can trade Stock Index futures.) 

 (3) The Stock Market Index of the 1500 (plus or minus)
companies currently in existence in the current game of
Wall Street Raider. Click on the displayed number for
the Stock Index to see a five-year chart history of this
stock market index. A "TRADE" button will appear on the
chart that pops up, unless the entity that would be
trading Stock Index futures is a bank. For the player
or any other entity, clicking on the "TRADE" button on
the Stock Index chart will allow you or the entity to
trade Stock Index futures, if you or your company has
a credit rating of "BBB" or better.

 (4) The current rate of growth in the world economy (in
the simulation -- remember, this is not the real world).
Click on the GDP Growth number to see a five-year chart
history of this growth rate. (This item, unlike the other
charted items, cannot be traded in W$R.)

 (5) Information on the Active Entity Selected. The
latter information, about the currently selected "Active
Entity," is displayed in the box in the upper left
corner of the dialog screen. These items of information
include the name of the Active Entity, and his/her/its
line of credit from the lending bank. If the Active
Entity is a corporation, rather than the player himself
or herself, the box may also show the company's stock
trading symbol, its stock price, and who (if anyone)
controls the corporation.

The "Active Entity Selected" box also contains a space to
type in the stock symbol of a company you want to select as
the Active Entity. Type it in and either press the Enter
key on your keyboard, or click on the "GO" button next to
the stock symbol input area to give effect to your entry.

After a game has ended, if there are any players who did not
go bankrupt, you may enter a player's number (1 to 5, if
there are 5 players) to see the investment portfolio and
other information for that player. An I.D. number, 1 to 5,
is assigned to each player and is found in the list of
players you are shown when you click on the "WHO'S AHEAD?"
button, on the "General" research menu. ("PLAYER 1 = Wally
Raider," etc.)

@I0200
RESEARCH FEATURES. 

W$R has a large number of research tools you can use, to help
you manage your investments, or to find new investments. There
are six buttons on the main screen that are grouped together
in the "Research" area, two of which ("Select Player" and
"Select Corp.") can used to select the "Active Entity" that
you are studying or, if you control the entity, that will
engage in transactions. Also, the "Select IBM" (or other stock
symbol, other than IBM) button makes the company whose stock
symbol is shown on the button the "Active Entity," if clicked. 
Another button, the "My News" button, will display any recent
news headlines regarding you or companies in which you have
an interest (long or short stock or options positions or
indirect control of the company).

The other two Research buttons are "Entity Info," which provides
a menu of research features for a particular company or for you,
the player; and the "General" button for general research on a
particular industry or comparisons of industries, general
economic data, and other information or research tools. 

The functions of each of these six buttons, and the functions
on the two research menus that pop up when you click on the
"Entity Info" or "General" research buttons, are discussed in
the following paragraphs.

@I0202
 - SELECT PLAYER button. If the currently selected "Active
Entity" is corporation, but you wish to display information
for yourself, individually (if you are the current player
whose turn it is), just click on this button to make
yourself the "Active Entity." 

Note that each of the 7 pop-up menus accessed from the main
screen (Entity Info, General (research), Buy / Sell, Financing,
Management, Other Transactions, and Misc.) also has a
"Player" button on it, which works the same way as the
"Select Player" button in the group of 4 "Research" buttons.
However, clicking on the main screen "Select Player" button
will close any pop-up menu that is currently open, whereas
using a "Player" button that is on one of the 7 pop-up menus
will instead cause the pop-up menu to be re-drawn, and
changed to reflect information for you, the player, rather
than the corporation that was previously the "Active Entity."

@I0204
 - SELECT CORP. button.  Click on this button and a dialog
box will pop up, which will ask you to select a corporation
as the Active Entity. You can type in the stock symbol and
press the Enter key or click on the "OK" button, if you know
the stock symbol. If you don't know the symbol, click on the
"Lookup" button, and you can scroll through a list of the
1000 or so currently active corporations. If you know the
first few letters of the company name, such as "NATIONAL,"
press "N" to jump to the alphabetical listing of companies
whose names begin with "N" and then press "A" to jump to
those with names that begin with "NA" and so forth.

Click on the name of the company you wish to select, and
then click on the "OK" button to select it as the new
"Active Entity."

Note that each of the two Research pop-up menus accessed from the
main screen (Entity Info and General Research) also has a "Select
Corp." button on it, which works the same way as the button of
the same name on the main screen itself, in the group of 4
"Research" buttons. However, using the "Select Corp." button
on the main screen will close any pop-up menu that is currently
open, while using the "Select Corp." button that is on either
of the Research pop-up menus will instead redraw that
menu, to reflect information for the company (and its
industry) you have selected.
 
@I0205
 - MY NEWS button.  Clicking on this button will cause a list
of recent news headlines to be displayed, if any of the recent
headlines contains your name, or the stock symbol of any stock
you directly own, or the stock symbol of any company in which
you directly or indirectly have a controlling interest. It
allows you to see any recent news items affecting you or any
companies in which you have an investment (including short
stock or options positions) or which you control.

@I0206
 - SELECT LAST (STOCK SYMBOL) button.  Click on this button to
make the last corporate entity that was selected by you as the
"Active Entity" the new "Active Entity." This button will be
greyed out at start of a game, but once you have selected an
Active Entity, such as ABC Company, and then select another
Active Entity, such as DEF Company, then ABC Company will be the
company whose stock symbol appears on the button. The button
will then read "Select ABC" (rather than "Select Last"), and
if you click on it, ABC will again become the Active Entity
and the button will then read "Select DEF."

In short, each time you click on this button, generally, it
will toggle back and forth between the two most recently 
selected Active Entities (unless you select yourself, the
player, as Active Entity). 

This button is provided as a convenience, to make it easier
for you to switch back and forth between two entities, quickly
selecting one or the other as the "Active Entity," with a
minimum of keystrokes or button clicks.

@I0209
 - ENTITY INFO button.  Clicking on the "Entity Info" button
brings up a pop-up menu with as many as twelve buttons on the
right side of the menu dialog box, each of which, when clicked,
will display financial statements, research reports, or other
types of information pertaining to the company that is the
currently selected "Active Entity." In addition, the dialog
box will contain a text window, with instructions for using
the Entity Info menu, and will give company information,
such as its latest earnings (and trend), who controls the
company, and an analysis of the company's industry (except
for Holding / Trading Companies). 

However, if the "Active Entity" is you, the player, rather
than a corporation, several buttons will be missing, since
there are no Research Reports, Shareholder lists, or
quarterly Earnings Reports for individuals, only for
companies. Also, the text box on the menu will contain
different information than for a corporation -- information
about your personal tax liability and your estimated tax
you will owe for the current year, based on current data.
This box may also contain commentary on your current
financial situation or recent performance of your investments.
At the end of a game, it will tell you how well you did,
usually including your annual compounded rate of return on
your initial stake.

Select any of the following buttons to obtain detailed financial
and investment information about the currently selected "Active
Entity." Note that anywhere from 5 to 10 of the 10 buttons listed
below will appear on the "Entity Info" pop-up menu, depending
on whether the currently selected "Active Entity" is a player,
a holding company, a bank, an insurance company, or an
industrial corporation in any other industry.

@I0210
   ... RESEARCH REPORT button.  Click on this button to view
a detailed research report on the currently selected "Active
Entity" (if it is a corporation). If any of the stock of
the company is publicly traded, the Research Report will also
include an Analyst's Recommendation, such as "Buy," "Sell,"
or "Hold." No trading recommendation is given where 100% of
the company's stock is owned by one or more other companies
or players. (Button is not shown if "Active Entity" is the
player.) The Research Report includes a per-share earnings
projection for the company, for the coming quarter. (Earnings
projections are updated at least several times during each
quarter, or when the company is involved in certain major
transactions or occurrences, such as mergers.)

@I0211
   ... FINANCIAL PROFILE button.  Click on this button to see
an up-to-date financial profile of the currently selected
"Active Entity." The information presented will differ, for
different types of companies (banks, insurers, industrial
companies, holding companies) or if the "Active Entity" is the
current player whose turn it is. Where company names appear
in the profile, such as the lending bank, double-clicking
on the name, or clicking on it and then clicking on "OK" to
close the profile screen, will select that company as the new
"Active Entity," if you want to view information about it.

@I0212
   ... EARNINGS REPORT button.  Click on this button, if the
currently selected "Active Entity" is a corporation (and not
an individual player), to see the latest quarterly earnings
report for the company. Note that no earnings report will
be available for a company until it completes its first
quarter in the first year of the game. (Button is not shown
if "Active Entity" is the player.)
 
@I0213
   ... LIST SHAREHOLDERS button.  If the currently selected
"Active Entity" is a company (not a player), then click on
this button to see a list of the corporation's shareholders.
If you want more information about a company name that
appears in the list of stockholders, double-clicking on that
company name, or clicking on it and then clicking on "OK"
to close the Shareholders screen, will select that company
as the new "Active Entity." If a shareholder is you, the
player, clicking on your name will make you the "Active
Entity." However, if the shareholder is another player,
clicking on his or her name will have no effect -- except
when the game is over, in which case you can make another
player the "Active Entity" in order to view his or her
options and bonds portfolios and other information. Otherwise,
during a game, another player's holdings and tax situation
are generally private information, not accessible to the other
players, except for stock holdings.

(Button is not shown if "Active Entity" is the player.)

@I0214
   ... LIST PORTFOLIO button.  Click on this button to see
a detailed listing of all stocks and bonds (government and
corporate bonds) owned by the player or company that is
the currently selected "Active Entity." If you want more
information about a company name that appears in the list
of stocks and bonds, double-clicking on the company name,
or clicking on it and then clicking on "OK" to close the
List Portfolio screen, will select that company as the new
"Active Entity." 

@I0215
   ... DIAGRAM OF HOLDINGS button.  Clicking on this
button will instantly create a graphic chart showing
an entity's stock holdings (and for a corporation, who
owns it). Each stockholder or holding is shown in a small
box, above or below the name of the "Active Entity," with
stockholders shown above, and stock portfolio holdings
shown below. Each such box contains a company's stock
symbol and the percentage of ownership of the "Active Entity."
Click on the box for any company (or player, where the player
is you), and the diagram is immediately redrawn with that
company or player now shown as the "Active Entity," with your
or its stock holdings and/or holders of its stock. (The only
exception is where you click on a shareholder who is one of
the competing players -- you don't get to see a list of the
other players' portfolios -- that is private information!)

@I0216
   ... CREDIT INFO button.  Click on this button to see the
current credit rating and unused line of credit for the currently
selected "Active Entity." The name of its lender bank will
also be displayed, as will the rate of interest it is paying
on borrowings at present, based on its credit rating. A player
or company with a good enough credit rating will usually have
a line of credit, which will vary in amount depending upon how
much the player or company owes (as bank debt or, for a company,
bonds it has issued and accrued taxes it owes). In Version 6.60
or later, the higher interest rates are (if playing at Difficulty
Levels 3 or 4), the less a corporation's line of credit will be,
if any, and vice versa when interest rates are low.

In Version 7.0 or later, a bank with a low credit rating (less
than "BBB") and liquidity problems will occasionally "freeze"
all lending, if the bank is not controlled by a player. This
can make your choice of bank to deal with important, since you
not only run a greater risk of the bank's collapse and loss of
some of your deposits, but also of unexpectedly having your
line of credit from a weak bank cut off, even if you have (or
your company has) an excellent credit rating. 

@I0217
   ... INDUSTRY SUMMARY button.  Click on this list to see
a summary of financial statistics for each company in the
same industry as the currently selected "Active Entity."

These include the Price to Net Worth Ratio (that is, if a
company's stock is selling for twice its net worth, the ratio
will be 200%); the company's credit rating; its P/E (price to
earnings) ratio or multiple; its return on equity (profits as
a percentage of net worth) for the last full calendar year,
based on net worth at the end of that year; and its dividend
yield percentage.

(This button does not appear if the "Active Entity" is you,
the player.)

@I0218
   ... INDUSTRY PROJECTION button.  Click on this button to
see a 6-month projection of profitability for each company in
the industry group in which the "Active Entity" company competes. 

The screen that comes up will show projected returns on capital
(for "business assets") in any one of the 67 non-financial
industries, 6 months in the future (assuming no major changes
in the economy). The list of companies in the selected
industry will also show each company's percentage of market
share in its industry, ranked in order, listing the company
with the largest market share first (such as, for example,
Coca-Cola in the beverage industry or GM in the North
American auto industry, if you are using real company
names in the CORPNAME.DAT file.)

In addition, the listing will show for each company in the
selected industry the current rate of growth in its capital
assets, described elsewhere in W$R as "business assets." (In
W$R, the amount of business assets/capital assets a company
has is assumed to equal its annual gross sales). That is, W$R
assumes that each dollar invested in plants and equipment
produces one dollar of gross sales.

The "return on capital assets" number shown here is the percentage
of profit on those sales (projected for 6 months in the future),
and does not take into account other expenses like interest and
taxes, but the rate of return does take into account the amount
(as a percentage of sales) that the company is spending on either
R & D, or on marketing and advertising for those industries where
R & D is not relevant. (R & D means "research and development"
expenses, such as developing new drugs, in the pharmaceutical
industry, or developing better engines in the auto industry, as
examples.) Thus, not counting such "productivity" expenses, if
a company would be earning 25% on capital/business assets, but
spends 8% of sales on R & D, the amount shown as the projected
return on capital would be 17%.

Some players may be confused by the terms "return on capital assets"
and the "return on equity" term used in the Industry Summary.
Return on capital assets in W$R is the profit earned on business
assets (or capital assets -- we use the terms "business assets"
and "capital assets" interchangeably in W$R), without regard to
taxes, interest expense, or accounting adjustments such as the
"provision for income taxes" (which often differs from actual
current tax payments). In W$R, "return on capital assets" happens
to be the same as the profit margin on sales generated by those
assets, before taking into account all the other non-operating
income and expenses (interest, taxes, etc.).

"Return on equity" is a company's NET profit on its total NET WORTH
or equity. That is, it is the reported net profit after taxes, taking
into account all the various items of income, such as interest
income, return on capital assets, dividends, a proportionate share
of the profits of subsidiaries (instead of the dividends from such
subsidiaries), underwriting profits for an insurance company,
profits from interest rate swap derivatives and commodity hedging
profits, less all expenses, including taxes, interest, and items
like bank bad debt losses or losses on interest rate swap derivatives
or commodity futures hedging, or one-time expenses like merger costs
or lawsuit expenses. 

In W$R, when we refer to "return on equity," we are referring to
the last calendar year's net income divided by the company's net
worth at the end of that year. It has NO relation to "return
on capital" in the current year or as projected 6 months in the
future. Even in the same year, return on capital could be positive
while return on equity might be negative if, for example, the
company's interest expense was greater than what it earned on its
business assets. (Or vice versa if the company lost money on its
business assets but had a lot of interest and dividend income, or
commodity hedging income.)

(This button does not appear on the "Entity Research" menu if the
"Active Entity" is you, the player, or is a bank, insurance company, 
ETF, or holding company.)

@I0219
   ... LIST BANK LOANS button. This button only appears on the
"Entity Info" pop-up menu when the "Active Entity" you have
selected is a bank. Clicking on this button causes a list
of all the banks' loans to be displayed, and for each corporate
or individual loan customer, their credit rating, the amount
owed, the interest rate charged, and what percent of the total
loan portfolio each such loan constitutes. It will also list
the total amount of consumer loans and mortgage loans (broken
out between safe "prime" mortgages and high-yield but very
risky "subprime" mortgages) held by that bank.

@I0220
   ... TAX BASIS INFO button. This button appears for any 
"Active Entity," including you, the player, or any type of
corporation. Clicking on it will display the current Active
Entity's stock and bond portfolios, in the same manner as
if you had clicked on the "List Portfolio" button, except
that clicking on the "Tax Basis Info" button will cause the
portfolio listing to show your cost, or adjusted "tax basis"
for each of your stock or bond holdings, instead of "buy/sell"
recommendations for stocks or "yield to maturity" for bonds.
The tax basis is used to determine whether you have a gain or
loss (and how much), when you sell any of your stocks or bonds. 

@I0221
   ... LIST ADVANCES TO CORPS. This button appears only when
the "Active Entity" is you, the player. Click on it to see a
list of any advances (demand loans) you have made to corporations
you currently control, or that you controlled when you made the
advance. The list will show the name of the company, the
amount it owes to you, and the company's credit rating. Click
or double-click on the name of any company on the list to
select it as the new "Active Entity."

@I0222
   ... MY CORPS. This button appears only when the "Active
Entity" is you, the player. Click on it to see a list of all
the corporations you currently control, and various items of
information about each such corporation, such as quarterly
earnings trends, credit rating, and stock buy or sell
recommendations. Click or double-click on the name of any
company on the list to select it as the new "Active Entity."
The same button will always appear on the each of the four
Transactions menus (Buy/Sell, Management, Financing, and
Other) and on the Misc menu, whether the "Active Entity"
is you or any corporation.

@I0223
   ... LIST FUTURES CONTRACTS button. Click on this button to view
a list of all the commodities and stock index futures positions
held (long or short) by the current Active Entity (you or a company).
The display will show the unit price (per barrel, ounce, bushel,
index unit, etc.) agreed upon when you entered into the futures
contract and will also show the "notional value" of each contract
(the contract price per unit times the number of units you have
agreed to buy or sell at a future date) and the current value of
the contract. The difference is the gain or loss you are currently
showing on the contract, which is shown in the far right-hand column.

To sell any of the commodity futures contracts which you are
"long" or to buy back any contracts you are short (or a portion
of any contract), just click on the line item for that futures
contract to trade it. A 1% commission is charged to open a
futures contract, and again to close it, or let it expire, with
one exception: when a company that hedges by buying or shorting
a commodity (or a brokerage that hedges by trading the stock
market index) allows the contract to expire on its agreed
expiration date, such as when an oil company is deemed to deliver
the oil it has sold forward at the agreed contract price, in which
case no commission is charged when the contract expires.

@I0224
   ... LIST OPTIONS button.  Click on this button in order to see a
listing of all of the put and call option positions owned or shorted
by the current "Active Entity" (you or a corporation), and to see
whether if there is a gain or loss on each position at the moment.
Note that all option prices are shown at the "bid" price for the
option. That is the price you will receive when selling an option,
and at the last instant before an option expires, if it is
"in-the-money," will be equal to the amount the option is in the
money. However, when you buy (or buy back, if short) an option, you
will have to pay an "asked" price, which is always somewhat greater
than the "bid" price and which, unlike the bid price, is never zero.

@I0225
   ... PHYSICAL COMMODITIES button. Click on this button to bring up
a list of any and all of the physical oil, gold, silver, wheat, or
corn commodities currently owned by the "Active Entity" (you or any
corporation), showing the unrealized gain or loss on each position, 
plus the current price per barrel, ounce, or bushel, compared to the
price you paid. Clicking on any one of the listed positions will allow
you to quickly sell all or part of that position. In this version of
W$R, players and most corporations, but not banks, insurance companies,
or ETF's, are allowed to buy and store physical commodities, but must
pay storage fees and insurance on the stored items. Gradual, somewhat
random spoilage will cause occasional shrinkage to stored physical
grains (wheat or corn), adding to the costs of storing them. 

@I0226
   ... CHANGING THE ACTIVE ENTITY.  At any time while viewing
the "Entity Info" pop-up menu, if you wish to view information
for another entity, click on the "Player" button near the bottom
of the pop-up menu to select yourself as the "Active Entity," or
click on the "Select Corp." button, also at the bottom of the
pop-up dialog, to select any corporation as the "Active Entity."
As soon as you have made your new selection, the menu will be
re-drawn, and changed to reflect the newly selected entity.
 
@I0230
 - GENERAL (RESEARCH) button.  Clicking on the "GENERAL" button in
the "Research" group of buttons on the main W$R screen will bring
up a pop-up menu dialog for doing general investment research
(not on any particular company), such as economic data, tax rates,
interest rates, news headlines, industry information, and various
pre-configured database searches, such as for lists companies with
the largest tax losses, largest market caps, largest industry
market share, and the most cash.

The right-hand side of the "General Research Menu" that pops
up has 12 buttons, each of which is a research tool described
below. 

The left-hand portion of the dialog box contains a "Daily Market
Commentary" text box, During the first year of a new game, it
with display instructions for using this menu. Throughout the
game, it also contains other current information, such as central
bank monetary policy and an analysis and forecast for the currently
selected industry (which can be selected from the "Industry
Group Selected" droplist on the left side of the main screen,
or by selecting a company in the desired industry group as
the "Active Entity"). 

The Daily Market Commentary" text box also contains a constantly
updated textual analysis on the current state of the economy,
as well as discussions of any significant trends in interest
rates, the stock market, and certain commodity prices.

In addition to doing research on the stocks or bonds of
specific companies, or on industry groups, W$R also provides
a number of economic statistics and interest rate information
that will help you to shape your investment decisions. Thus,
for example, if interest rates are high and the Fed or other
Central Bank is tightening the money supply, you may want to
steer clear of investments in stocks of companies that are
sensitive to interest rates, such as housing development or
building materials stocks. Or if the economy (Gross Domestic
Product, or GDP, is the term used for the overall economy) is
growing fast, various cyclical stocks like autos, steel, base
metals, and airlines should usually do well.

Similarly, you need to be aware of trends in oil prices,
since high oil prices tend to be damaging to transportation
industries such as airlines, trucking, shipping, and railroads,
while low oil prices benefit those industries, and tend to
eventually stimulate economic growth. High oil prices tend to
mainly benefit oil companies and oil service companies, though
the resulting inflationary effects may also benefit the precious
metals industry at times. In the current version of Wall Street
Raider, the "normal" price of oil is $100 per barrel, changed
from $20, $35, and $50 in prior versions, to more accurately
reflect recent real world prices. It is always quoted in U.S.
dollars, even if you have configured the game for a different
currency.

Several key indicators are updated every few seconds on the
main W$R screen, including the Prime Rate of interest charged
by banks, oil prices, economic growth rate, and the stock
market index. For more details on economic indicators and
interest rates, see the descriptions of the "Economic
Statistics" and "Interest Rates" buttons below.

The various general research functions (buttons) on the
"General Research Menu" are described in the paragraphs below.

@I0231
   ... MARKET SHARE button.  Click on this button to see a list
of all companies that CURRENTLY have a market share in their
industries of at least 20%. It does not list holding companies
or companies in the banking or insurance industries, where
the "market share" concept, based on sales, is not relevant.
The list of companies that is displayed will show the company
name, the industry group to which it belongs, its credit rating,
and its market share percentage, of 20% to 100%. The listed
companies are ranked, starting with the company with the
largest market share in any industry.

This is a handy way to quickly find companies that have a
strong position in their industry, and which may, therefore,
be relatively profitable and good investments. It is also an
easy way to find potential antitrust lawsuit targets.
 
@I0232
   ... INDUSTRIAL GROWTH RATES button.  Click on this button
to see projected growth rates (and "normal" or typical growth
rates, if different), for each of 67 industries in W$R, other
than financial industries (they are listed but no growth rates
are shown for the 4 financial industries, banking, insurance,
holding/trading companies, and exchanged-traded funds).
The list of non-financial industries will also display the
approximate rate of return on capital assets currently being
earned in each such industry, in case you want to focus your
investing on highly profitable industries, or invest in
currently unprofitable industries, hoping to buy a stock
cheap before an industry turnaround occurs.

Double-clicking on any of the 71 listed industries will cause
the "General Research Menu" dialog box to be re-drawn (with
an "INDUSTRY OUTLOOK" outlook forecast or "INDUSTRY INFORMATION"
for the newly selected industry discussed in the text box on
the left side of the dialog box) and will make that industry
the "Industry Selected" for further viewing with the "Industry
Projection" or "Industry Summary" buttons in this menu (but not
in the "Entity Info" menu, which also has "Industry Projection"
and "Industry Summary" buttons, but which will still display
info for the "Active Entity's" industry group).

Or, instead of double-clicking on an industry in the list
of industries, just click on a industry to select it, and
then click on the "OK" button to close the window and cause
the "General Research Menu" to be re-drawn.

Note that any time you change the "Active Entity" to a company
(rather than to the player), this will also automatically change
the "Industry Selected" to whatever industry group the "Active
Entity" company belongs. You can also change the selected
industry by clicking on the "Industry Group Selected" drop list
(located on the left side of the main screen, just above "My
Balance Sheet"), and selecting any of the 71 industries listed
there. Doing so will change the "Industry Selected" for viewing
industry projections or summaries in the General Research Menu
only (but not for the Entity Info Menu, which will continue to
present industry data for the industry of the currently selected
"Active Entity" company).

@I0233
   ... INDUSTRY PROJECTION button (or FUND INVESTMENT STRATEGY button).
Click on this button to see a 6-month projection of profitability
for each company in the currently selected industry group (which
may or may not be the industry in which the "Active Entity"company
competes). This button displays as the "FUND INVESTMENT STRATEGY" button
if the currently selected industry group is Exchange-Traded Funds
(ETF's), in which case it will display a list of all 15 (or fewer)
ETF's, as well as a brief description of the investment strategy
or specialty of each such fund.

Otherwise, the screen that comes up when you click on the
"INDUSTRY PROJECTION" button will show projected returns on
capital (for business assets) in any one of the 67 non-financial
industries, 6 months in the future (assuming no major changes
in the economy or in companies' growth plans). The list
of companies in the selected industry will also show each
company's percentage of market share in its industry, ranked
in order, listing the company with the largest market share
first (such as, for example, Coca-Cola in the beverage
industry or GM in the North American auto industry, if you
are using real company names in the CORPNAME.DAT file).

In addition, the listing will show for each company in the
selected industry the current rate of growth in its capital
assets (which, in W$R, equals its annual rate of increase
in gross sales), and the amount (as a percentage of sales)
that the company is spending on either R & D or marketing
and advertising for industries where R & D is not relevant.
(R & D means "research and development" expenses, such as
developing new drugs, in the pharmaceutical industry, or
developing better engines in the auto industry, as examples.)

Double-clicking on any of the companies listed in the
industry projection will make that company the new "Active
Entity," and will close the "General Research" pop-up menu
and bring up in its place an "Entity Info" menu, with all
the various financial statements, reports, etc., for the
newly selected "Active Entity."

@I0234
   ... INDUSTRY SUMMARY button.  Click on this list to see
a summary of financial statistics for each company in the
currently selected industry group (shown as "Industry
Group Selected" on the main screen, just above "My Balance
Sheet"). 

These statistics include the Price to Net Worth Ratio (that is,
if a company's stock is selling for twice its net worth, the
ratio will be 200%); the company's credit rating; its P/E (price
to earnings) ratio or multiple; its return on equity (profits
as a percentage of net worth) for the last full calendar year,
based on current net worth; and its dividend yield percentage. 

Double-clicking on any of the companies listed in the
industry summary will make that company the new "Active
Entity," and will close the "General Research" pop-up menu
and bring up in its place an "Entity Info" menu, with all
the various financial statements, reports, etc., for the
newly selected "Active Entity."

@I0235
   ... ECONOMIC STATISTICS button.  Click on this button to
see the latest economic data, including economic growth rate,
Prime Rate of interest charged by banks to AAA-rated borrowers,
the price of the "long" government bond, and the "short"
government bond, annual housing starts (which affect the
housing industry), the current price of crude oil per barrel
(always shown in U.S. dollars, which is how oil is priced in
international markets), tax rates on corporations, and regular
income tax rates and capital gains tax rates on individual
players. This screen will usually show the amount of the
government's national debt, and the total amount of long-term
and short-term government bonds currently owned by the players
and companies in the simulation. 

The difference is the amount of the "float," or the amount of
government bonds held by the public that you can purchase.
(The amount of the "float" can affect the amount of such bonds
you can buy without disrupting the bond market, if you have
managed to amass fantastic amounts of wealth, in the trillions.)

@I0236
   ... INTEREST RATES button.  Click on this button for details
on various interest rates, including the Prime Rate, the yield
to maturity on both the long and short government bonds, the
rates banks are earning on their consumer loans and mortgage
loans, and other interest rates that are explained on screen
when you click on the "Interest Rates" button.

Note that in this version of W$R, there are always two
different government bond issues available, that players and
banks and insurance companies may invest in: A "long" bond
(20-year maturity from the start of the game), and a "short"
bond (10-year maturity). If the game lasts at least 10 years,
the "short" bonds are paid off in cash at face value at the
end of 10 years, and then "long bond" then becomes the short
bond, and a new 20-year "long bond" becomes available for
investment at that time, with an interest rate ("coupon rate")
that is determined based on the level of interest rates in
effect at that moment in time.

Thus, in W$R, there is always a "long bond" maturing in 10
to 20 years, and a "short bond" maturing in 10 years or less.
In general, the "short bond" is a safer investment, although
it has a lower interest rate yield to maturity, because, as
a short-term instrument, its price will usually not fluctuate
as much as the "long bond" when interest rates go up and down.

@I0237
   ... VIEW NEWS button.  Current news items are displayed in
the scrolling news ticker box. If you wish to review a news
headline that has scrolled out of sight, click on the "View
News" button, which will display the 60 most recent news
headlines, and may still contain the one you wanted to see
again.

@I0238
   ... WHO'S AHEAD? button.  Click on this button to see which
player is winning the current game of W$R. Also, at the
end of a game, click on this button to display the final
results and standings. The screen that is displayed shows
various items of information about each player and also
shows the Difficulty Level at which the game is being played,
from Level 1 to 4.

@I0240
  ... MOST CASH button.  Click on this button to see a list of
the 100 companies that currently have the most cash. The 100
companies are ranked, based on the amount of cash they have,
which is shown for each company. Also shown for each company
listed is its credit rating and its market capitalization
(the total value of all of its shares of stock, at the current
market price for its stock).

@I0242
  ... LARGEST TAX LOSSES button.  Click on this button to see
a list of all companies with tax loss carryovers of at least
10 million (or 10 billion, depending on the currency selected
for the current game). The companies are ranked, starting with
the company with the largest tax loss carryover. The amount of
each such company's tax loss carryover is shown. Also shown
for each company listed is its credit rating and its market
capitalization (the total value of all of its shares of stock,
at the current market price for its stock).

This list of companies can be useful if you want to take over
a company with large tax losses and use it to shelter income
from income taxes.

@I0245
  ... LARGEST MARKET CAP button.  Click on this button to see
a list of the 100 largest companies, ranked by their current
market capitalization -- the value of all their outstanding
stock, which is simply the stock price per share multiplied
times the number of shares a company has issued and outstanding.
This listing shows the market cap for each of the 100 companies,
plus its credit rating and the stock symbol of any company that
controls it (if any). If a company is controlled by you, the
player, the code "_P" will appear instead of a stock symbol; or,
if the company is controlled by a hostile (competing) player,
the code "_H" will appear instead of a stock symbol.

@I0249
  ... DATABASE SEARCH button.  Click on this button to
bring up a search screen, to look for companies that meet
certain investment characteristics, to help you sift
through the nearly 1600 (maximum) companies in W$R to
find stocks or corporate bonds to invest in. To select
any of the 11 search factors listed on the Database Search
input screen, simply check the checkbox by that item.

Whenever you make any changes in checkboxes or amounts
shown in the changeable boxes in the right-hand column,
the program immediately updates the number of companies
that meet your search parameters, shown in a highlighted
box near the bottom of the screen. To view the list of
companies that meet your search criteria, click on the
Display Results button. (But if there are more than 1000
companies that qualify, you will need to change the
search factors you are using, to narrow down the number
of companies to 1000 or fewer, before you can display
the results.)

Note that if a company fails to meet your criteria for
any single checked item, then that company will not be
included in the list of qualifying companies. Also, note
that Exchange-Traded Funds (ETF's) are not considered
by the search algorithms, which only search through
stocks of companies that are active operating businesses
or holding companies, ignoring ETF's and dormant corporate
shells. During most games, roughly 1,000 companies will
be "live" at any given moment.

A brief description of each of the 11 search factors is
as follows:

  . HIGH RETURN ON EQUITY (AT LEAST x%):  If this box is
checked, and a whole percentage number is entered in the
textbox for this item, such as 20%, the database search
will only include companies that earned at least x% (20%
for example) on their equity or net worth, in the last
full calendar year (but based on current net worth). You
can enter any value from -99% to +1000% in the text box. 

  . LOW P/E RATIO STOCKS -- P/E Less Than:  If this box
is checked, the database search will exclude any company
that has a P/E ratio higher than the amount entered in
the textbox for this item. Thus, if you enter 10 (for
a price-earnings ratio of 10), the only companies that
qualify will be those with P/E ratios of 10 or less,
based on the last calendar year's earnings. (If you
enter zero or less, the checkbox for this item will be
turned off, automatically.)

  . STOCK PRICE LESS THAN x% OF NET WORTH:  If this
box is checked, the database search will discard from
consideration any company whose stock sells for more
than the percentage entered in the textbox for this
item, in relation to its net worth per share. Thus, if
you enter 95%, and a company sells for 110% of its net
worth per share, it will not be included in the list
of companies that meet your search criteria. (If you
enter zero or less, the checkbox for this item will be
turned off, automatically.)

  . DIVIDEND YIELD IS x% OR MORE:  If this box is checked,
the only companies that will meet your criteria are those
whose dividend yield is equal to or higher than the
percentage you enter in the textbox for this item. (If
you enter zero or less, the checkbox for this item will
be turned off, automatically.)

  . MINIMUM/MAXIMUM MARKET CAPITALIZATION:  If this box is
checked, the only companies that will meet your criteria are
those whose total market value is equal to or greater than
the minimum amount (in millions or billions) you enter in
the minimum capitalization textbox and whose total market
value is equal to or less than the amount you enter in the
maximum capitalization textbox for this item. The default
values are a minimum capitalization of 200 million, and a
maximum of 1,000 million. Thus, for example, a company
whose total market value (of its stock) is greater than 1,000
million would not meet your search criteria if you accept the
default values. (If you enter zero or less in either of the
textboxes for this item, the value for that item will be reset
as the default value, automatically.)

  . EARNINGS UP NEXT QUARTER BY x% OR MORE:  If this box is
checked, the only companies that will meet your criteria are
companies whose earnings are projected to be up in the next
quarter by the percentage you specify in the textbox for this
item. This is a comparison of the earnings for the most recent
quarter and the upcoming quarter, so this is a very sensitive
indicator of a company's changing fortunes.

  . EARNINGS UP LAST 1, 2 OR 3 YEARS:  If this box is checked,
the only companies that will meet your criteria are those
whose earnings have gone up in the last year, or last 2 years
in a row, or 3 years in a row, as you select. The textbox for
this item is not editable, but you can click on the "Change"
button to change the number of years to 1, 2, or 3, or back
to 1. If this item is checked, the company must also show a
year over year quarterly earnings increase if it has reported
earnings for 1 to 3 quarters of the current year, or it will
be treated as not meeting this test.

  . MANAGEMENT RATED AT LEAST:  If this box is checked, you can
select only companies that, relative to others in their industry,
are considered to have Good, Average, or Poor management. Use
the "Change" button to select one of the above. If you select
Good, then only companies with Good management will meet your
test. If you select Average, then companies with either Average
or Good management will qualify. If you select Poor, it is
the same as not checking the box for this item, since all
companies have at least Poor management, if not better.

  . CREDIT RATING IS AT LEAST:  If this box is checked, the
database search only picks out companies that have at least
as good a credit rating as listed in the box for this item.
While the textbox is not editable, clicking the "Change"
button will change the credit rating displayed, which ranges
from lowest minimum of C, to CC, to CCC, to B, to BB, to BBB,
to A, to AA to the highest credit rating, which is AAA.

  . ANALYST RATING:  If this box is checked, the database
search only picks out companies that have the stock analyst
performance and valuation rating as listed in the box for
this item. While the textbox is not editable, clicking the
"Change" button will change the rating level displayed,
which ranges from highest of "Strong Buy," to "Buy," "Hold,"
"Sell," and the lowest rating of "Strong Sell." When looking
for companies to invest in, you may want to look for companies
whose stocks have a "Strong Buy" or "Buy" rating. Or, if you
are looking for short sale candidates, use this criterion to
search for companies with "Strong Sell" or "Sell" ratings.

  . INDUSTRY SUPPLY/DEMAND IMPROVING:  If this box is checked,
companies in any industry where the supply/demand situation
is not improving will be excluded, except that this factor
applies only to "industrials," and not to banks, insurance
companies, or holding/trading companies.

  . DON'T SHOW IF STOCK IS NOT PUBLICLY TRADED:  If this box
is checked, the database search will leave out any company
that has no publicly-traded shares that you may buy. However,
if you are looking for merger targets, you may want to leave
this box unchecked, since you may be able to do a merger with
a company, even if it is 100%-owned by another company. Of
course, unless the holder of 100% of a stock is controlled by
another player, you may be able to make a bid for the stock and
buy it, if you don't mind paying a healthy premium over the
current market price. (Checking this box will have no effect if
you are looking for bonds, and have checked the box described
in the next paragraph.)

  . HAS BONDS ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING:  If this box is checked,
the database search will exclude from consideration any
company that does not have a bond issue outstanding. This
factor is useful mainly for helping you search for companies
whose bonds you want to invest in, rather than their stocks,
so you would check this item if you are looking for good
corporate bonds to invest in, and perhaps select only a few
other criteria, such as credit rating and whether or not the
industry supply/demand situation is improving for a given
bond issuer. Factors like P/E ratio or Price to Net Worth
would not be particularly relevant if you are doing a search
for corporate bonds to invest in. Note that in any of the
more recent versions of W$R, checking this box causes
the search routine to assume you are interested in finding
corporate bonds to invest in, rather than stocks (though
many of the criteria, such as credit rating, earnings trends,
and the like, may be the same for both stocks and bonds). 
Thus, if you have checked this box, the listing of corporate
bonds will show a number of bond details, such as interest
rate, yield to maturity, date of maturity, credit rating,
the amount issued, and the amount in public hands that
are available for purchase.

Once you have selected all the factors you want to apply,
if the number of companies that qualify is greater than zero
but not more than 1000, click on the Display Results button to
view the list of companies that meet your criteria. You can
then double-click on any such company to select it as the
"Active Entity," for doing further research on the company.

Note that when you exit the Database Search Function, and re-enter
it later, your search criteria are preserved from before (but
the number of companies that now qualify will probably have
changed). Thus, once you have selected what you consider a
good set of search parameters, you can periodically click on
the Database Search button and see what companies, if any,
newly fit the search parameters you have determined. Or, with
a single mouse click, you can click on the "Recall DB Search
List button, to see the updated list of companies that meet
your search parameters. The set of search parameters will only
be retained for as long as your current session of Wall Street
Raider lasts -- next time you start the program, the search
parameters will be reset at the default settings.

To clear all the checkboxes, click on the Clear Checkboxes
button.

@I0250
  ... WHO OWNS WHAT? button.  Click on this button to "look under
the hood" (peek at corporate data). A menu will appear that allows
you to see lists of any of the following:

  . Companies with long or short positions in commodity or stock
index futures, showing the amount and size of each position, as
well as the contract price to be paid or received at expiration.

  . Companies that own physical commodities, showing the commodity
and the amount owned, plus the price (cost) per barrel, ounce, or
bushel owned.

  . Entities that are parties to interest rate swap agreements,
listing the "long" parties alphabetically, showing the fixed
interest rate they are receiving, and the stock symbol for the
counterparty to whom they will be paying the varying interest
rate each quarter (Prime, Long Bond, or Short Bond interest
rate), as well as showing the period the swap is or will be in
effect.

  . Companies that have long or short options positions, showing
for each position whether the company is long or short, the type
of option (puts or calls), and the stock which is subject to the
option.

  . Companies, other than Exchange-Traded Funds (ETF's), that own
stocks in other corporations, showing each stock owned, the percentage
of that company that is owned, and the currently stock analyst rating
of the stock.

@I0300
TRANSACTIONS FEATURES.

All transactions in W$R are done by selection one of the 4 buttons
in the "Transactions" grouping on the main screen, and by then
selecting the specific type of transaction from the pop-up menu
that will appear. The four transactions buttons are the "Buy / Sell,"
the "Financing," the "Management," and the "Other Trans." buttons.
The various transactions you can do in each category are described
below, in the following sections. 

You are allowed a maximum of 5 transactions per turn. (Several
other types of transactions, such as borrowing or repaying loans
or advances, can be done in the "Misc." menu, but those
transactions don't count as one of your 5 allowable transactions.)
Clicking on any of the buttons on any of the "Transactions" pop-up
menus (except the "Close" button, or the "Player" or "My Corps."
button), if you complete the underlying transaction, or attempt
to do a merger (even if it fails), counts as one transaction. If
you do a fifth transaction, your turn will end, and it will be
time for the next player's turn. In addition, if the stock ticker
is running, time is passing by, and at the middle and end of each
calendar quarter reporting period, your remaining number of transactions
is reduced by one. (This keeps you from stretching out your turn
forever, and ensures that other players will get their turns
reasonably soon.) 

Note that if the currently selected "Active Entity" is controlled
by you, that any transaction you do in any of the transactions
menus will be for that entity (you, or a company you control).
If the current "Active Entity" is not controlled by you, you cannot
do a transaction for that entity, but instead will be acting on
behalf of the last "Active Entity" you selected on this turn
that you DO control. Once one of the 4 transactions menus is
displayed, you can change the "Active Entity," if you wish, by
clicking on the "Player" button on the bottom of the transactions
menu dialog box, to select yourself, or else clicking on "My
Corps." to select a company you control.

The number and type of transaction buttons displayed on any
of the pop-up transactions menus may vary, depending on
the type of "Active Entity" that is currently selected: A player
(you), a bank, an insurer, a holding company, or any other type
of company. (This is because certain functions are not relevant
for certain types of entities. For example, an individual
player cannot buy back stock in an LBO, since only corporations
issue stock.) 

@I0301
 - PLAYER and MY CORPS. buttons -- Each of the Transactions Menus
has a "PLAYER" button, to instantly select the player as the
"Active Entity" that will be performing a transaction, and a
"MY CORPS." button for selecting a company you control, which
will be the "Active Entity," to perform a desired transaction.

The "My Corps." button, when clicked, will usually bring up a
list of all the corporations that you currently control, plus
information about each, such as quarterly earnings trends,
credit rating, and Analysts' Rating on its stock. Just click
or double-click on any company on the list to select it as the
"Active Entity." 

Note: The "My Corps." button will also appear on the Entity
Research menu, but only when the currently selected "Active
Entity" is you, the player.

@I0310
 - BUY/SELL TRANSACTIONS.  A number of buying or selling
transactions are possible in W$R, such as buying or selling
stock, corporate bonds, government (Treasury) bonds, doing
mergers, buying back a company's own stock (Greenmail/LBO),
or purchases and sales of corporate capital assets. Not every
type of entity can do every type of buy/sell transaction. For
example, players or banks or insurance companies do not buy
or sell capital assets (factories, equipment and the like).
Also, in this version of W$R, most corporations do not invest
in bonds, but all (except banks) can buy stocks. But even
banks may acquire stocks in mergers, or receive stock in
return for debt cancellation when a company they had lent
money to goes bankrupt, in some rare cases.

Each time you start to do any type of "buy" transaction
(such as buying stock, bonds, or assets), if it is necessary
to borrow, the program will not only tell you how much you
need to borrow, but will tell you how such borrowing will
affect your debt-to-equity ratio and credit rating, and will
ask you if you wish to go ahead with the proposed transaction.

The various buy/sell transactions are described below.

@I0311
   ... BUY STOCK (or COVER SHORT POSITION) button.  Click
on this button to buy stock, for the selected entity,
which can be the player, or any company controlled by the
player, generally. However, if the selected entity is a
bank, it may be prohibited from buying stock if it already
has over half its net worth invested in stocks of other
companies (since the banking authorities tend to frown on
a bank using its depositors' money to speculate in the
stock market).

Note that if the selected Active Entity is the player,
the Buy / Sell Transactions menu will display the first
button as "Cover Short Position," rather than "Buy Stock."
If the Cover Short Position button is displayed, clicking
on it will still let you buy stock, but only to buy back
stock that you have borrowed and sold short. To buy (long
positions) in a stock, you should instead click on the
"Buy Stock" button that appears on the main screen.

Buying up to 5% of the stock on the open market will run up
the stock price, but only slightly (assuming you or your
controlled companies do already own any of the target's stock),
so you will always pay a bit more than the current market price.
You will also pay a 1% commission on such stock purchases (or
on sales). 

If your purchase will give you (and companies you control)
over 5% of the target company's stock, you can't buy on the
open market as a regular trade, but must instead make a "tender
offer" and buy any such publicly traded stock from "the Public"
at a premium that varies from 5% to 15% over the current market
price. Generally, the more stock you tender for, the greater
the premium you will have to pay. You will also pay a 1% fee
(commission) to the underwriters, as part of the cost. (This 5%
ownership rule is similar to SEC rules for 5% owners in the U.S.)

If shares of the stock are owned by another entity you
control, the buying entity may buy that stock directly from 
the other entity (you, or a company controlled by you) at
the market price, without any commissions. If that is
the case, when you click on the "Buy Stock" button, you
will be asked if you want to buy the stock from the
related (controlled) entity. Note that if you or a company
you control sells stock at a loss to you or a company you
control, the loss is DISALLOWED, since it is a transaction
between related parties. However, in that case, the tax
basis of the seller for the stock that is purchased carries
over to the buyer. For example, if your company ABC holds
stock of XYZ that has a market value of $1000M, and a cost
or "tax basis" of $1500M, and you buy the XYZ stock from
XYZ for $1000M (market price), ABC has a loss, but the loss
is not reportable for tax purposes or otherwise. However,
instead of having a "tax basis" of $1000M (what you paid to
ABC), your basis for the XYZ stock will be the same as it
was in the hands of ABC, or $1500M.

However, if a gain occurs on a stock sale between related
entities, the gain is reportable (and taxable), just as if
the buyer and seller were unrelated parties.

If, on the other hand, shares of the stock you want to buy
are owned by a corporation that you do not control and that
is not controlled by another player, you or a company that
you control may make a formal offer (after paying legal fees)
to buy those shares from the holder at a price that is at
least 10% above the market price. The higher the "premium"
you offer above the market price, the better the odds that
the corporate stockholder will be willing to accept your
offer and sell its stock to you or your company. Note that
the larger the block of stock the potential seller owns,
the higher price it is likely to demand from you. 

Also, if the owner of a stock rejects your first offer, it
will be even more demanding if you come back with a second
offer right away. For example, you make a "low-ball" offer
of only a 12% premium to a corporate owner of XYZ stock,
while the seller wanted at least 20%, so it refuses your
offer. Then you come back with a new offer, at a 22% premium.
However, the seller may have decided by then that you are
serious, so it now wants a 25% premium, so your second offer
would also be rejected. (Of course, you never know what the
seller wants, so you have to decide how badly you want the
stock you are trying to buy from it.)

@I0312
   ... SELL STOCK (or SELL STOCK SHORT) button.  Click on this 
button to sell stock owned by the selected corporate entity.
If the selected entity doing the transaction is the player,
this button will be labeled "Sell Stock Short," and will only
be for selling a stock you DON'T own short. The instant this 
button is clicked, you will be presented with a list of all 
the stocks owned by the selected entity (your controlled 
corporation). Select the one you wish to sell some or all of 
your stock in, by simply clicking on the name of the company 
whose stock you wish to sell. (Or, if you, the player are
the selected entity that is doing the transaction, you will
need to enter a stock symbol for the stock which you wish to
sell short.)

If a company is a wholly-owned subsidiary, and not publicly
traded, you will not be able to sell its stock to the public
until it has done a public or private offering, and if it is
a new (startup) company, without several years of earnings
history, it may not be able to do a public offering. Thus,
if you invest in a startup company, it may be several years
before you can sell your stock, unless you sell it in a
private transaction to another company that you control,
or you have it issue some of its stock to venture capital
investors, after which you may be able to sell your stock
in it to other (unrelated) corporate investors. (This sale
limitation for stock of wholly-owned subsidiaries only
applies if you are playing at Difficulty Level 2 or higher.)

If a company has no shares held by the public, but is not
a wholly-owned (100%) subsidiary, you may sell it, at a
below market price, usually to an unrelated company that
is willing to buy the stock from you at a discount in a
private, "secondary offering."

You are not allowed to sell a stock short if you control
the company. That is a prohibited conflict of interest.
However, you may sometimes sell a stock short and then
later acquire control of the company (through another
company you control). If that occurs, you will soon
(within the next "month" of game time) be forced to
cover the short position.

Note that your sales of stock on the open market, or in a
"secondary offering" as described in the previous paragraph,
will drive down the price of the stock, so you will always
receive less than the market price when you dump your shares,
and will also pay brokerage commissions. In general, the
larger the bloc of stock you sell (as a percentage of the
company's total stock), the more you will depress the price
of the stock, and the less you will receive, per share. 
This is true whether you are selling stocks you own, or
are selling borrowed shares short.

@I0313
   ... BUY CORPORATE BONDS button.  Click on this button to
buy corporate bonds ("junk" bonds, or "investment grade"
bonds issued by corporations). In this version of W$R, to
be more like the real world, corporations do not invest in
the bond market, generally. Thus, only players, banks or
insurers may buy bonds. However, any company that has
issued bonds may try to buy them back on the open market,
if any are held by the "Public." Or, after a certain number
of years following issuance, a company may be able to
redeem (call in) some or all of its bonds, usually at a
slight premium over face value, up to 105% of face value.
To buy back a company's own bonds, click on the "Financing"
transactions button, and select the "Buy Back or Call Bonds"
button on the Financing menu that will pop up.

While corporate bond prices in W$R are a function of general
interest rates, the economic outlook (risky bonds sell at a
higher "risk premium" over investment-grade bonds when the
economy is bad), and the issuing company's credit rating,
one strategy for investing in corporate bonds is to find a
company with "junk" rated bonds (BB or lower credit rating),
where you think the company is increasing its net worth
rapidly and may soon improve its credit rating, which will
tend to give the price of its bonds a nice boost.

Note that the program keeps track of the cost ("tax basis")
of each bond you or a bank or insurer owns. Also, if you
buy a corporate bond at a discount, that is, at a price
less than face value, such as at 90, the "discount" will
automatically be amortized over the period you hold it,
increasing your taxable income each year (even though
you are already paying tax on the actual cash interest
you receive on the bond). Likewise, if you pay more than
face value, such as 105% of face value, the program will
amortize the "premium," reducing your taxable income
each year, as in the real world.

Thus, if you hold a bond until it pays off at maturity,
you will never have a capital gain (or loss) in this
simulation when it is paid off, as the basis will have
increased or decreased to exactly par (100% of face
value) by the time it is paid off. So, if you have
unused capital losses, don't think you can use them
up by buying a corporate (or government bond) at
90 and holding it until maturity for a 10-point capital
gain. You will just have higher amortizable interest
income while you hold it, each year, and NO capital
gain when it pays off. You can, however, incur capital
gains or losses if you buy bonds and sell them before
maturity, for a price more or less than your adjusted
tax cost.

Note:  This button is only displayed if the "Active Entity"
is you, the player, or a bank or insurance company that
you control, in general. If the "Active Entity" is a company
that you do not control, the button will be displayed if
the previously selected "Active Entity" was you or a bank
or insurance company that you control.

To do research on corporate bonds, use the "Database Search"
button, which is one of the buttons on the "General" Research
Menu, and click on the box for "Has Bonds Issued/Outstanding"
on the database search input screen, to generate lists of
corporate bonds, with key details on each. If all of a company's
bonds it has issued are held by players or companies, and none
are available from the "Public," those bonds will not be listed
in the results, since they are not available for purchase.

@I0314
   ... SELL CORPORATE BONDS button.  Click on this button
to sell off corporate bonds owned by the "Active Entity."

Note:  This button is only displayed if the "Active Entity"
is you, the player, or a bank or insurance company that
you control, in general. If the "Active Entity" is a company
that you do not control, the button will be displayed if
the previously selected "Active Entity" was you or a bank
or insurance company that you control.

@I0315
   ... TRADE GOVERNMENT BONDS button.  Click on this button
to either buy or sell government (Treasury) bonds. You can
buy or sell (if you own any) either the "long bond" or the
"short bond." At the start of the game, the "long bond" is
one that will mature in 20 years, the "short bond" in 10
years. When the "short bond" is paid off, the "long bond" then
becomes the new short bond, and a new 20-year "long bond"
is issued by the government, and becomes available for
investment.

As with corporate bonds, in this version of W$R, only the
individual players, banks, and insurance companies are
allowed to invest in government bonds. Similarly, as
described with regard to buying and selling corporate bonds,
the program amortizes any discount or premium on government
bonds over the period you hold the bonds, if you paid more
or less than par (100% of face value).

If you have managed to accumulate or control vast amounts
of money, when you seek to trade government bonds, you will
be shown a number that you can buy or sell without affecting
the market, which may be less than your available funds. If
you don't mind "moving" the market (meaning you will pay more
if buying, or get less if selling, per bond), you can ignore
the number shown and enter a higher number, up to the amount of
your buying power, but you may run the price of the government
bond way up or down if you do so. (You will be told what the
new price will be, before you complete the transaction, and
given a chance to change your mind about buying such a large
amount.) The amount you can buy without affecting the market
is generally 0.5% of the total amount of that government bond
issue that is in "public" hands (not owned by players or
companies in the simulation).

Note:  This button is only displayed if the "Active Entity"
is you, the player, or a bank or insurance company that
you control, in general. If the "Active Entity" is a company
that you do not control, the button will be displayed if
the previously selected "Active Entity" was you or a bank
or insurance company that you control.

@I0316
   ... MERGER button.  Click on this button if you wish to
have the selected company you control merge with another
company, by exchanging its stock for the target company, in
an exchange ratio based on a premium, usually 5% to 100%,
over the current stock market price of the target company's
stock. However, where you already control the target company,
there is a potential for a conflict of interest, so the
premium being offered must be a "fair" one, in a narrow
range set by a valuation study done by the underwriters.
Needless to say, the higher premium that you offer, the
larger the percentage of "public" shareholders of the target
company who will vote to accept the merger proposal, and
the more likely it is that some corporate holders of the
target company stock will vote in favor of the merger.

The proposed merger must first be approved by the target's
stockholders. Stock held by other players or by companies
that they control is always voted AGAINST the merger; stock
held by you or any companies you control is always voted FOR;
and stock held by the "Public" is partly voted for, partly
against, based on various factors, such as the offering price,
the relative size of the companies, and where the target
company is incorporated (Japanese or Korean companies, for
instance, are harder to take over in a merger -- while U.S.
and British companies' public shareholders are more likely
than most to vote FOR a merger).  

Stock of the target company that is held by a "neutral"
company, where no player controls that shareholder company,
will usually be voted against a merger, if the takeover
"premium" you are offering is less than 20%. If you are
offering a higher premium, you increase the odds that
some or all such corporate holders may vote their shares
in favor of the merger.

If your (acquiring) company has a very poor credit rating,
such as a "D" rating, its merger offer is likely to be
rejected by the shareholders of the target company. Also,
if the target company is teetering on the verge of bankruptcy,
you may face a revolt of your own (acquiring) company's
stockholders, who will seek to block the merger of their
healthy company with one that is bankrupt, or nearly so.

Even if the merger is approved by stockholders, government
approval must always be obtained, too, which is not always
possible -- especially if there are antitrust/monopoly
possibilities. Mergers between two banks will sometimes
be permitted, but the government will usually block any
attempt to do such a stock for stock merger. (However, if
your large bank has enough cash, it may be able to acquire
100% of the stock of a smaller bank in a cash takeover, if
a merger is not permitted.)

If a merger is completed, the two companies remain separate,
but one company (not always the target company) winds up
holding all the stock of the other, while the former
stockholders of the two companies each obtain a diluted
interest in the stock of the parent company after the
merger.

There are legal, underwriters', accounting and other fees
that your acquiring corporation must incur when it attempts
to merge with another company, which fees can be considerable.
These costs will be incurred even if the merger ultimately
fails to go through, due to being voted down by shareholders
of either company, government intervention, or for other
reasons, so don't attempt to do a merger unless you are
fairly sure the merger can be completed. However,
only 20% of the estimated costs will be
incurred, if two banks are denied permission to merge by the
banking authorities; only 40% of the costs will be incurred
if the target company's shareholders reject the merger; only
60% of costs will be incurred if the merger is halted on
account of antitrust (anti-competitive) considerations; only
70% of costs will be incurred if other government agencies
step in at a late stage to quash the merger; and only 80%
of total estimated merger costs will be incurred if a 
divestiture is required as a condition of approval, and you
refuse to agree to the divestiture. (No merger costs are
incurred if the merger is canceled because one of the two
companies already owns 100% of the other.)

Notice that the larger the target company, the greater the
merger costs will be, as a rule.

Note:  The "Merger" button is only displayed if the "Active
Entity" is a corporation you control, in general.  However,
if the current "Active Entity" is a company you do not
control, but the previously selected "Active Entity" was
a corporation you control, the button will appear and the
transaction can be initiated for the company that you do
control.

@I0317
   ... GREENMAIL button.  Click on this button to have a
company you control buy back some of its stock from another
corporation (that you do not control), in a "Greenmail" type
of transaction, at significant premium over market value.
When you seek to do a Greenmail buyback, you will need to
make a formal tender offer which is at least 10% above
the current market price, in order to induce the unwanted
stockholder to sell its shares back to your company. The
higher the price you offer, the more likely your offer
will be accepted by the unwanted stockholder. The larger
the bloc of stock owned by the potential seller, the higher
the price it is likely demand that you pay to buy back any
of its holding.

Greenmail or LBO buybacks of stock usually make sense only if
the stock price seems badly undervalued, and perhaps is trading
for considerably less than the net worth per share, so that
even doing a buyback at 25% or 30% over the current market price
will sometimes be a smart way to increase your percentage of
ownership in the company, by buying out other stockholders at a
cheap price.

However, this is always risky, as paying out money to buy
back stock will often reduce your company's credit rating,
resulting in higher interest rates it must pay on bank
loans.

Note:  This button is only displayed if the "Active Entity"
is a corporation you control, and greenmail buybacks are
very restricted for banks or insurance companies, allowed
only in the case of banks or insurers with at least an "A"
credit rating. However, if the current "Active Entity" is
a company you do not control, but the previously selected
"Active Entity" was a corporation you control, the button
will appear and the transaction can be initiated for the
company that you do control.

@I0318
   ... LBO (Leveraged BuyOut) button.  Click on this button to
have a company you control buy back some of its stock from the
public (in an LBO, or "leveraged buyout" in Wall Street
terminology), at 25% over market value.

Greenmail or LBO buybacks of stock usually make sense only
if the stock price seems badly undervalued, and perhaps is
trading for considerably less than the net worth per share,
so that even doing at buyback at 25% or 30% over the current
market price will be a smart way to increase your percentage
of ownership in the company, by buying out other stockholders
at a cheap price.

However, this is always risky, as paying out money to buy
back stock will often reduce your company's credit rating,
resulting in higher interest rates it must pay on bank
loans.

Note:  This button is only displayed, generally, if the
"Active Entity" is a corporation you control, and LBO buybacks
are very restricted for banks or insurance companies, allowed
only in the case of banks or insurers with at least an "A"
credit rating.  However, if the current "Active Entity" is
a company you do not control, but the previously selected
"Active Entity" was a corporation you control, the button
will appear and the transaction can be initiated for the
company that you do control.

@I0319
   ... BUY CORPORATE ASSETS button.  Click on this button to either
buy "new" corporate capital assets (such plant and equipment), or
to buy capital assets from another company. Note that if the
selected company doing the buying is a holding company, it may
buy assets from a company you choose in any industry (other than
financial industries or other holding companies that have no
capital assets, either). Thus, if your holding company buys assets
from IBM, it will have entered the Computer Industry, and will no
longer be a holding/trading company.

If your holding company has tax loss carryovers, be aware that
the change in business, where it acquires assets in some industry,
will cause it to lose all of its tax loss carryovers.
 
Note:  This button is only displayed, generally, if the "Active
Entity" is a corporation you control, and stock buybacks are
also not allowed for banks or insurance companies.  However,
if the current "Active Entity" is a company you do not control,
but the previously selected "Active Entity" was a corporation
you control, the button will appear and the transaction can be
initiated for the company that you do control.

@I0320
   ... SELL CORPORATE ASSETS button.  Click on this button to have
a company that you control sell some or all of its business assets.
If it is selling a large amount, it is possible that no other
company will be willing to buy that amount, in which case your
choices are to (1) cancel the attempt to sell assets; (2) try
selling a smaller amount (you will be told the amount of the
largest bid from potential buyers); or (3) "scrap" the assets,
where you sell them at a greatly reduced price, for scrap, which
will result in a large loss.

Note: This button is only displayed if the "Active Entity" is
a corporation -- one that is not a bank, insurance company,
or holding/trading company.  However, if the current "Active
Entity" is a company you do not control, but the previously
selected "Active Entity" was a corporation you control (and
is not a bank, insurance company or holding/trading company),
the button will appear and the transaction can be initiated
for the company that you do control.

@I0321
   ... BUY CALL OPTIONS button.  Click on this button to buy
call options, which are options to buy a stock at a fixed price.
You should buy call options when you think the underlying stock
is going to go up in value. For example, if XYZ stock is trading
at $59 a share, you might pay $9 (per share covered) to buy call
options on the stock at $60 at any time in the next 12 months,
if you think the stock may rise sharply. If it does rise to $75,
for example, at the time the option expires, you would receive
the difference between $75 and $60 (the "strike price" or
"exercise price"), which would be $15 per share, resulting in
a $6 per share profit. But if the XYZ stock only went up to $65
at the end of the year, your options would "settle" for only $5,
so you would lose $4 a share. Or, if the stock price were $60
or lower (below the "strike price" and thus "out-of-the-money"),
the options would expire worthless, and you would lose your
entire investment of $9 per share.

Of course, you could sell the options at any time before they
expire, at a gain or a loss, if you decide that the XYZ stock
isn't going to do so well, after all.

In Version 5.0 players and all companies are now allowed to
trade both put and call options on stocks. It is possible to
buy or sell newly created call options on any publicly traded
company, unless its stock trades for less than 5 or more than
1000 a share, or to close existing long or short call option
positions. However, banks and insurance companies can only use
the "Buy Call Options" button to buy back call options they 
have sold short.

Buying options is risky, but can have huge rewards, because of
the leverage they give you. Buying options can also be done to
reduce your risk, however, such as where you have sold a stock
short, but want to hedge yourself against the possibility that
the stock might instead go up. The call options you buy would
offer you protection from losses on your short position in the
stock, if the stock went up, instead of down.

You can also sell calls short, as discussed in the following
segment on selling call options. Note that if you have sold
XYZ call options short, and you click on the "Buy Call Options"
button and enter XYZ as the stock you want to buy options on,
you will first be asked if you want to buy back (cover) the
XYZ options you sold short. If you answer no, then you (or 
your controlled company, in some cases) will be buying newly
created call option contracts on XYZ, if a seller can be found
as a counterparty to the option contract.

When trading put or call options in Wall Street Raider, you
cannot buy or sell (or own) options on a stock that is not
publicly traded. Also, if, for example, only 1% of a stock
is owned by "the Public," any new option positions you create
by buying new options or selling options short will be limited
to the percent of the stock that is publicly-traded (1% in
this example). However, you may do multiple option transactions,
even in such a thinly-traded stock.

Note also that any new option contract cannot be created on more
than 10% of a company's total number of shares of stock in Wall
Street Raider. However, if you create two contracts on the same
stock with identical strike prices and maturity dates, they will
be combined into one large contract. Also, in Versions 6.50 and
later, you and all your controlled companies cannot own call
options on more than a total of 100% of the stock of any one
company.

Long option positions cannot be bought on margin, as they are
not counted as part of your net worth for margin calculation
purposes, except to the extent they are "in-the-money," even
though they may be worth a great deal more. To buy calls (or
to buy put options), you must pay cash, or borrow against the
value of other assets. The value of your long option positions
is included when your portfolio is shown, however, or in
determining your net worth at the end of the game. W$R gives
you credit for only the intrinsic ("in-the-money") value of
any options you own for margin or borrowing purposes, and only
recognizes the intrinsic value of options you or your company
owns when determining your or your company's credit rating.

NOTE: Options can now be exercised in Wall Street Raider
either on or before their expiration date. They will only
be exercised at expiration if you have turned on the "Exercise
Options?" toggle item on the "Settings" pull-down menu on
the main W$R screen. If you choose to turn this feature "on,"
any options you own or have shorted MAY be exercised at the
option "strike price" to buy or sell the underlying stock for
your account. However, even if this feature is turned "on,"
options will not be exercised in any of the following
circumstances:

   - The player or company does not have enough money and
buying power to exercise a long call option position, or,
where a player is short put options, to acquire the stock; 
or

   - The player or his/her company would acquire enough
stock to give him/her control of a company, if not already
in control, if that would result in an antitrust violation
(gaining control of too large a portion of a particular
industry); or

   - The player or company would be acquiring all of the
remaining publicly-traded stock of a corporation; or

   - The option is "out-of-the-money"; or

   - The player or company already has 15 stock positions,
and in W$R cannot acquire another stock (unless already
long the stock that would be acquired through exercise of
the option); or

   - The player or company would be selling stock, and does
not own that much of the stock, so that full exercise of the
option would create a short position in the stock for the
player. (In that case, only part of the option contract will
be exercised, to sell whatever amount of the underlying 
stock the player or company does own.)

If an option can't be exercised for any of the above reasons,
or if you have turned the "Exercise Options?" toggle switch
to "off," an option will be settled for the amount it is "in
the money" at the date of expiration. If you own the option
and it is in the money, you will receive cash for the amount
the option is "in-the-money" -- the difference between the
stock price and the strike price of a call option if the
stock is above the strike price or, in the case of a put
option, if the stock price is below the put's strike price.

NOTE: The "Other Trans." Menu contains buttons that allow
you to exercise an option early, before it expires, if the
option is "in-the-money."

To profit from buying or shorting an option, you can either
sell it (if long) or buy it back (if it was sold short)
before it expires, exercise it early if you are long the
options (subject to the above limitations), or you can simply
wait until it expires, at which time you will either exercise
the option (or have it exercised against you) or else receive
the amount by which the option is "in-the-money," if you own
the option -- or, you must PAY the amount by which it is
in-the-money, if you are short the option.

Ordinarily, the holder of the option will have a capital
gain if the option is in-the-money at expiration and is
settled for cash, and the short seller will have a loss
-- or vice-versa if the option is just barely in-the-money
(by fewer points than was paid for the option). For
example, if you paid $6 for an option that is only $2
in-the-money when it settles at expiration, you will
only receive $2 and will thus have a $4 capital loss
when the option is settled for $2. The seller would
have a $4 gain. 

If an option is "out-of-the-money" (the stock price
is below the strike price in the case of a call option,
or above the strike price in the case of a put option),
then no cash changes hands when the option expires --
the buyer of the option has a tax loss equal to the
entire amount paid for the option in that case, or the
short seller of the option recognizes a profit of the
same amount. This is true without regard to whether
the "Exercise Options?" feature is on or off. Also,
you may do an early exercise of an option (before
expiration) if it is not out-of-the-money at the time.

TAX TREATMENT OF OPTIONS. In Wall Street Raider, all
gains or losses by players on options are treated as
capital gains or losses, which means that such gains
are taxed at a lower tax rate, but losses are not
deductible, except to offset capital gains. (This is
not always the case in the real world, but laws vary
from country to country, and we've simply chosen the
simplest approach for this simulation.) All gains or
losses for corporations in W$R are "ordinary" gains
or losses for tax purposes -- there are no specially
treated "capital gains" for corporations in W$R.)

@I0322
   ... SELL CALL OPTIONS button.  Click on this button if you
wish to sell call options you currently own ("long positions"),
or to sell call options short, creating a new options contract.
A call option is an option to buy a certain stock at a certain
fixed price over some length of time (from less than a month
to as much as 24 months in Wall Street Raider). If you sell
a call option short, you are giving (selling, actually, for
a price, the "premium") the other party to the contract the
right to buy the stock from you at the fixed price. Thus,
like being short a stock, if you sell a call option short,
and do not own the underlying stock, you have potentially
unlimited upside liability, and can lose huge amounts if
the stock goes up a great deal before the option expires.
On the other hand, if the stock goes down below the exercise
price ("strike price") of the option, the option will expire
worthless, and the entire amount you received when you sold
the call short will be your profit to keep, free and clear.

Generally, you will want to sell calls short if you think
the underlying stock is going to go down (or at least not go
up much). You can also sell call options against a stock you
own, when you aren't ready to sell the stock, but feel it
may not do much for a while, and you would like to earn some
income on the stock. Doing so will offer you some downside
protection if the stock goes down, but will limit your
upside, if the stock does well. 

In Wall Street Raider, the amount of put or call options
you can sell short is limited. A player is not allowed to
sell an options contract short if doing so would create a
total "short liability" (for shorted options) more than
twice his or her adjusted net worth, under the W$R margin
rules. (Your "adjusted net worth" is the same as your net
worth, except that only the in-the-money or intrinsic
value, not the time value, of options you own is counted
as part of your net worth.)

Later, if the player's adjusted net worth falls below 1/3
of the value of his or her short option positions, the player
will be forced to liquidate some of your option positions, to
meet the maintenance margin requirements.

Beginning with Version 5.0, all corporations are allowed
to sell options, under certain conditions. However, banks
and insurance companies may only sell call options against
stock positions they own, as hedges ("covered calls"). 
Thus, if a bank or insurance company owns only 7% of XYZ
stock, it can only sell call options short on XYZ to the
extent of that 7% of XYZ's stock, for example.

All other corporations may sell calls short, but only if the
corporation has at least a BBB credit rating and only if
the short liability from all shorted options (other than
"covered calls") is less than 25% of company's net worth.
If a corporation's short liability should exceed 50% of
its net worth, it will be required to buy back some of
the "naked" options.

Note that if you control a company, you (the player) or
another company you control can only sell covered calls
(and/or buy puts) against stock that is directly owned in
that company. To sell "naked" calls on stock of a company
you control would be a conflict of interest -- a bet that
the stock will go down -- and thus is not allowed.

In fact, since selling calls or buying puts on a stock
is similar to selling the stock short (betting against
the stock), your total long put positions and short call
positions on a stock of a company you control cannot
total more than the percentage of the stock you directly
own. For example, if you own 25% of XYZ Corp. and control
it, you might hedge your stock position by buying puts on
10% of the stock and selling calls on the rest (15%). At
that point you would be fully hedged, and as insider, you
will not be allowed to buy any more puts or sell any more
calls against the stock. To do so would be a conflict of
interest, since you would stand to profit only if the
company's stock went down. In addition, if you have hedged
stock that you own by buying puts and/or selling calls, and
then sell some or all of the stock, but still control the
company (through other companies you control), you will
soon be forced by the simulation to liquidate some or all
such long puts and short calls on the stock, by selling
the puts and/or buying back the short calls.

If you are CEO of a publicly traded company (and still
control it), you will be granted 2-year restricted stock
options (call options) in the first month of each quarter.
However, you may not use this "sell calls" button to
voluntarily sell such executive stock options until one
year after they were granted to you, when they "vest."
(In the shareware version, you may not sell or exercise
the options until the expiration date, at which time, if
they are in-the-money, they will either be bought back
from you by the employer company if you have set the
"Exercise Options?" items in the "Settings" Menu to "NO,"
or may be exercised if that setting is "YES.")

You can generally buy or sell newly created call options on
any publicly-traded company, unless its stock trades for less
than 5 or more than 1000 a share. Note, however, that in
Versions 6.50 and later, you and all your controlled companies
cannot be short call options on more than a total of 100% of
the stock of any one company at any point in time.

@I0323
   ... BUY PUT OPTIONS button.  Click on this button to
buy "put" options on a stock, or to buy back put options
that you have previously sold short. A put option allows
the person who buys the option to "put" the stock to the
other party to the contract at a fixed price over an
agreed period of time (up to 24 months in Wall Street
Raider). Thus, puts can be thought of as a form of
"portfolio insurance" for stocks you own. Players and
any corporation may buy put options, generally. 

For example, if you own a stock that trades at $61 a
share, which you feel may have a lot of downside risk,
but don't want to sell it because you feel it also has
good upside potential, you might pay $6 or so to buy
a put option at $60 a share, giving you the right to
"put" the stock (sell it) at $60 any time in the next
year, limiting your losses if the stock goes below
$54 a share. (The $60 price you could put the stock
at, less the $6 you had to pay for the option.)

Where you don't own the underlying stock, puts are a
way to speculate on a stock by profiting if it declines.
Buying a put is much like selling the stock short, but
without the unlimited exposure of selling stock short,
if you are wrong and the stock goes up instead of down. 
If you buy a put on a stock, and the stock goes up, you
will only lose what you paid for the put option, unlike
being short the stock, where your losses could be huge
and virtually unlimited.

You can also sell puts short, as discussed in the help
segment on selling put options. Note that if you have sold
XYZ Corp. put options short, and you click on the "Buy Put
Options" button and enter XYZ as the stock you want to buy
put options on, you will first be asked if you want to buy
back (cover) the XYZ put options you sold short. If you
answer "No," then you will be buying a newly created put
option contract on XYZ.

If you control a company, you can only buy enough puts to
hedge your stock that you directly own in the company. In
fact, since selling calls or buying puts on a stock is
similar to selling it short (betting against the stock),
your total long put positions and short call positions
on a stock of a company you control cannot total more
than the percentage of the stock you directly own. For
example, if you own 25% of XYZ Corp. and control it,
you might hedge your stock position by buying puts on
10% of the stock and selling calls on the rest (15%).
At that point you would be fully hedged, and as insider,
you will not be allowed to buy any more puts or sell
any more calls against the stock. To do so would be a
conflict of interest. In addition, if you have hedged
stock that you own by buying puts and/or selling calls,
and then sell the stock, but still control the company
(through another company you control), you will soon
be forced to liquidate all such long puts and short
calls on the stock.

Note that in the more recent W$R versions, you may now 
exercise puts prior to expiration, using the "EXERCISE
PUT OPTION" button located on the OTHER TRANS. menu.

You can generally buy or sell newly created put options on
any publicly-traded company, unless its stock trades for
less than 5 or more than 1000 a share. Corporations can
also buy put options, but banks and insurance companies
can only buy enough puts to hedge a stock position they
hold and can only sell puts that they already own. Similarly,
neither players nor corporations may buy puts on stock of
a company controlled by the player unless the player or
controlled company buying the puts is buying the puts to
hedge its stock direct holdings in the other controlled
company.

In Versions 6.50 and later, you and all your controlled
companies cannot own put options on more than a total of
100% of the stock of any one company.

@I0324
   ... SELL PUT OPTIONS button.  Click on this button to
sell put options you own, or to sell short newly created put
option contracts. A put option allows the person who buys
the option to "put" the stock to the other party to the
contract at a fixed price over an agreed period of time (up
to 24 months in Wall Street Raider). Puts are like a form of
"portfolio insurance" against a decline in the price of a
stock, where the buyer of the put wants to protect against
a large drop in the price of the stock. Only players, and
not corporations, may sell puts in W$R.

If you sell a put short, you are acting like an insurer,
since you will have to absorb the loss if the stock goes
down. For example, if a stock is trading for $61, and you
sell a put on it at an exercise price of $60, receiving
$6 for the put, you will profit if the stock is anywhere
above $54 when the option expires. But if the stock falls
to, say, $35, you will have to pay the difference between
$60 and $35 ($25 a share) when the contract settles, which
would cause you a net loss of $19 a share, since you only
received a $6 premium when you sold the put short.

Generally, you only want to sell puts short if you expect
that the price of the stock is going to go up, or at least
not go down much below the "strike price" (the agreed
exercise price of the option). If the stock price is
anywhere above the strike price on the expiration date,
the put option becomes worthless and you will pocket as
profit the entire premium you received when you sold the
put short.

Players and most corporations may sell puts short. However,
banks and insurance companies may not do so. Corporations
may only sell puts short if they have at least a BBB credit
rating and if the total liability from short puts and
shorted "naked" calls does not exceed 25% of the company's
net worth.

You can generally buy or sell newly created put options on
any publicly-traded company, unless its stock trades for
less than 5 or more than 1000 per share. Note, however, 
that in Versions 6.50 and later, you and all your controlled
companies cannot be short put options on more than a total 
of 100% of the stock of any one company at any point in time.

@I0325
   ... TRADE FUTURES or TRADE COMMODITIES buttons. Click on
these buttons to buy or sell commodity futures contracts or
physical commodities. The "TRADE FUTURES" button allows players
and most companies to speculate in commodity futures on any of
five different commodities: oil, gold, silver, wheat, and corn.
Banks and insurance companies are not allowed to trade in
commodities -- either the futures or by buying the physical
commodities. However, insurance companies can trade stock index
futures, beginning with Version 6.60.

In recent versions of Wall Street Raider, there is a "TRADE
COMMODITIES" button AND a "TRADE FUTURES" button. Clicking
on either will take you to the same Commodity Desk. Once there,
you or your controlled company can either trade commodity or
stock index futures, or can buy or sell (but not sell short)
any of the five physical commodities. The difference between
the two buttons is that you will be in futures trading mode
if you click on the "TRADE FUTURES" button, and can buy,
sell, sell short, or cover a short futures position in any
of the five commodities or in the stock index futures. If
you click on the "TRADE COMMODITIES" button, you will instead
be in physical commodities trading mode, and can only buy and
store one of the five commodities, or sell an existing
physical holding.

NOTE: Regardless of which button you clicked, "TRADE FUTURES"
or "TRADE COMMODITIES," or if you clicked on the "TRADE"
button on a commodity or stock index chart, you can toggle
back and forth from futures trading mode to physical commodities
trading mode, by simply clicking on the toggle button that
reads "--> FUTURES" or "--> PHYSICAL." It is not necessary to exit
back to the main menu to switch from trading futures to physical
commodities, or vice versa.

Once you buy any of the five physical commodities, you will
then store and hold it indefinitely, unlike futures, which
are contracts with a future expiration date. However, you
will be required to pay monthly storage fees and insurance
costs for the stored physical commodities, the terms of which
will be disclosed to you before you make any such purchase.
You will also be warned, when storing physical grain (wheat
or corn), that some shrinkage and spoilage will occur, the
longer you store the grain -- Such as by being eaten by rats,
insects, etc.

If you own a physical commodity and have also sold short
futures on that commodity, you will deliver (sell) some
or all of the physical commodity when the futures contract
expires, unless you have chosen not to, by toggling the
Make Commod. Deliv. menu item on the "Settings" pull-down
menu to the "No" setting. If you have chosen "Yes," you
will have a gain or loss on the futures as well as on the
physical commodity when the futures contract is settled
at expiration, when the physical commodity is delivered/sold
at the futures contract price. If you have chosen "No" to
making delivery, your futures contract will be settled for
cash (as in Version 6.70 and prior versions of Wall Street
Raider) and your physical commodity holdings will not be
affected.

As an example, if have elected the "Yes" setting on the
Make Commod Deliv. menu item, suppose you own 100 "units"
of physical gold and have sold 60 "units" of gold futures
short. When the futures contract expires, you will deliver
60 "units" of your physical gold and will be left with 40.
You will have a gain or loss on the futures contract,
depending on whether the spot price then is lower or higher
than the futures contract price you agreed to sell at,
and you will have a gain on the physical gold you deliver
if the contract price is higher than what you paid for it
(or a loss if you are delivering/selling it at below what
you paid). On the other hand, if you have shorted futures
on 100 units and only own 35, you would deliver all 35
units, and the other 65 units of the futures contract would
be settled for cash, as in earlier versions of Wall Street
Raider.

Similarly, it you have bought a futures contract (long) on a
commodity (not on the stock index), and have toggled the Take
Commod. Deliv. menu item to the "Yes" setting, you will have to 
pay to pay the price to take delivery of the commodity when
the futures contract expires. You will pay the price agreed
to in the futures contract. No gain or loss (for tax purposes
or otherwise) is reportable when you take delivery. For example,
if you bought a futures contract on oil at $80 a barrel, you
will acquire the oil (take delivery) at a cost of $80 per barrel,
but your "tax basis" will be slightly higher, since you paid a
1% commission on the total amount of the contract back when you
bought the oil futures. You won't have any taxable gain, unless
you decide to sell the physical oil when the spot price is at,
for example, $100 per barrel, or any other price above your
roughly $81 cost.

CAUTION: Be careful about setting the "Take Commod. Deliv."
menu item to "Yes." While you can trade futures by only
putting down 5% of the cost, you will need enough cash or
line of credit to pay the full 100% cost of the commodity
when you are have a (long) commodity futures contract
expiring. If you have chosen to take delivery, you (or your
company) may be forced to liquidate the commodity immediately,
incurring a 1% commission, and may need to liquidate other
assets as well if you still have a bank overdraft.

NOTE: In W$R, no commissions are charged when making or taking
delivery of physical commodities at expiration of a futures
contract.

In order to buy or sell a physical commodity, first select
the commodity, for example, gold. (You may also do so by
simply clicking on the "TRADE" button on a gold price chart.)
Then, on the Commodity Desk menu that pops up, click on
the toggle button that reads " --> PHYSICAL " to switch into
physical commodities trading mode, and then either click on
the "BUY" button to buy physical gold or on the "SELL" button
if you already own physical gold and wish to sell it. Note that
the "COVER SHORT" and "SELL SHORT" buttons will gray out (become
disabled) when you click on the " --> PHYSICAL " toggle button,
since you cannot sell a physical commodity short.

To switch back to futures trading mode, click on the same toggle
button when it reads " --> FUTURES ". 

Buying physical commodities, where you must pay cash to buy
the commodity, is a conservative way of trading in commodities.
In contrast, trading commodity futures is very treacherous
and risky, but if you or your companies hit it right (or get
lucky), it can result in fast and immense profits, thanks to
the enormous (20-to-1) leverage.

The "TRADE FUTURES" button, when clicked, also brings up the small
"Commodity Desk" dialog window and menu if the entity doing the
trading is you or a corporation you control, other than a bank.
That menu lets you or your company select a commodity (or the
Stock Index) to do futures trades in, or else you can click on
a "POSITIONS" button to view a list of all of your (or your
company's) existing commodity futures positions, and you can
then simply click on one of the position line items to select it
for closing, partly or in full, selling it if long, buying it back
if short. (Note that if you toggle the button that reads "--> PHYSICAL,"
you will be in "physical commodity" trading mode, so that clicking
on the "POSITIONS" button will display a list of your physical
commodity holdings, rather than your futures contract positions.)

To initiate a commodity trade (futures or physical commodity), you
may also click on the "TRADE" button that usually appears on a
commodity or stock index chart. No such button will appear if the
entity that would be trading is a bank or insurance company, except
that a "TRADE" button will appear for an insurance company if the
chart being displayed is for the Stock Index. In W$R, insurance
companies can trade Stock Index futures, but not commodity futures,
and the "TRADE COMMODITIES" button will not appear on the BUY/SELL
menu for an insurance company -- only the "TRADE FUTURES" button
will appear. Neither button will appear on the BUY/SELL menu if
the entity is a bank.

To buy or sell a futures contract, you only need to deposit
5% of the value of the contract in a commodities brokerage
account, plus pay a commission equal to 1% of the value
of the contract, or a total cash outlay of 6%, whether you
are buying or shorting the commodity futures (or Stock
Index) in question. Thus, you will be speculating with a
huge amount of leverage.

You must at all times maintain a deposit in the commodity
account equal to 5% of the contract value, plus the amount
of any accrued loss on the contract, or minus any accrued
gain. Thus, if a contract's price moves against you, the
program will automatically "sweep" cash from your bank
account into the commodity margin deposit account, so you
will be able to financially handle the payment you must
make when closing out the contract at a loss, at expiration
or earlier. On the other hand, if the commodity's (or Stock
Index) price moves in a favorable direction for you, cash
will be transferred from the commodity margin account to your
bank account, even if that results in a negative balance in
the margin account. Your account is regularly "marked to
market" to reflect changing market prices of the futures
contracts you hold.

When you close out a futures contract, either by selling
it or buying it back if short, or when it expires at its
settlement date, you will pay another 1% commission but
will receive back any balance in the account attributable
to the contract that is being closed -- or, if the margin
account balance for that contract is negative, you will
pay back that negative amount when closing the position.
Thus, if you have a highly profitable position and have
a negative margin balance, you will actually pay out cash
when you close the position. (Your gain will have already
been paid out to you while you held the position, as it
was marked to market.) No interest is paid or charged on
the commodities margin account balance in W$R.

The only time when no commission is charged is when a company
that hedges by buying or shorting a commodity (or a brokerage
that hedges by trading the stock market index) allows the
contract to expire on its agreed expiration date, such as
when an oil company delivers the oil it has sold forward at
the agreed contract price, no commission is charged when the
contract is deemed to be settled at the expiration date.
(In this version of W$R, players can choose to obtain physical
delivery of a commodity at expiration when they are long a
futures contract, or to make delivery when, for example, you
are short on a contract to sell X million barrels of oil,
and you own  million or more barrels of the physical commodity.
No commission is charged when taking or making delivery of a
physical commodity, pursuant to an expiring futures contract.)

Be aware that the "spot price" of commodities you see
listed on the main screen will almost always differ from
the futures prices. Generally, futures will trade at higher
prices than the spot price (a condition called "contango").
In that case, the more distant the settlement (expiration)
date (up to 36 months out, in W$R), the more the futures
price will exceed the spot price. In some cases, however,
usually when interest rates are expected to fall or when
commodity spot prices are expected to fall more than the
cost of carrying of the commodity (storage, insurance, etc.)
futures prices may actually be lower than the spot price,
a condition which is known as "backwardation." That,
however, is very unusual, and almost never occurs in certain
non-perishable commodities like gold and silver or a stock
index. (Or in W$R.)

Both players and corporations are allowed to trade futures
contracts in W$R, except for banks and insurance companies.
(But insurance companies, in Version 6.60 or later, can trade
Stock Index futures.)

However, due to the risky nature of commodity trading and
the high leverage involved, a player or company must have
at least a "BBB" credit rating to initiate a commodity
futures trade. If a company's credit rating falls below
the "B" level, it will be forced to close out some or all
of its commodity contracts. In the case of a player, if
the player gets a regular margin call from his or her bank
and cannot raise cash by borrowing, some or all of his or
her commodity positions will be liquidated in an attempt
to raise cash. (Naturally, if a commodity's price moves
against you, your commodities margin account will be
draining funds from your bank account, which may result
in your running out of cash and getting margin calls
from your bank. This can lead to almost instant bankruptcy
if the price of a large futures position suddenly makes a
big move opposite to what you were expecting.)

No particular credit rating is need for a player or company
to buy a physical commodity, however. All that is required 
is the cash to pay for it in full, and a player or company
may borrow from the bank against the value of the commodity
to the same extent as when borrowing against stocks or bonds.

For players, any gains or losses on trading commodity or
Stock Index futures, or on trading physical commodities, are
treated as capital gains or losses for income tax purposes
in W$R. For companies, such gains or losses are generally
treated as "extraordinary" items that do not affect operating
income, when they speculate in commodities not closely related
to their sales or cost inputs. 

However, for an Integrated Oil or Oil Service company,
gains or losses on oil trades are considered a "hedging"
activity and thus directly affect operating income.
Similarly, gold or silver trading by companies in the
Precious Metals industry or wheat or corn futures
trading by companies in the Agribusiness industry, which
also benefit from high prices, are also considered to be
operating income or losses. In addition, hedging gains or
losses are treated as operating income or loss for companies
in industries that are harmed by high commodity prices, such
as Packaged Foods companies by grain prices, and transportation
industries (Rail, Airline, Shipping, Trucking, Air Freight)
and Utilities, which are greatly affected by oil (fuel) prices.
Gains or losses from hedging in Stock Index futures are treated
as operating income only for companies in the Securities Brokerage
industry.

Companies in all such industries that need to engage in
hedging activities, if not controlled by a (human) player,
will automatically sell futures when prices seem high if they
have at least a "BBB" credit rating (Oil, Oil Service companies
will short oil, Agribusiness companies will short wheat or
corn, Precious Metals companies will short gold or silver),
or they may buy futures when prices seem low (transport and
Utilities companies will buy oil futures and Packaged Foods
companies will buy grain futures). Companies in industries
that hedge, if controlled by the Computer player, may buy
or sell short the commodities they hedge with, if conditions
seem right, but companies controlled by a human player will
not do any hedging automatically.

Earnings projections for such companies that hedge may
fluctuate wildly when they have hedges in place, since each
updated projection of earnings bases the next quarterly
earnings projection in part on hedges that are likely to be
closed, assuming the current price of the commodity will
remain in effect until the end of the company's quarterly
reporting period. (But obviously, the price of the hedged
commodity will fluctuate before then, so the earnings
projections are also likely to fluctuate considerably and
the actual earnings may, therefore, be much more or less
than projected, depending on the commodity price action.)

One of the Exchange-Traded Funds (ETF's) in W$R, the Basic
Commodities Fund, also trades commodity futures, buying or
short selling any of the five commodities, but not Stock Index
futures. Gains or losses for the ETF are capital gains or
losses. Any net capital gains of an ETF are distributed to
shareholders as such each quarter. ETF's do not buy physical
commodities.

In W$R, commodity contracts are for very large quantities
of the underlying commodity. One oil contract is for 10,000
barrels of oil, a gold contract is for 10,000 Troy ounces
of gold, a silver contract is for one million ounces of
silver, and wheat and corn contracts are each for one million
bushels of wheat or corn. Each Stock Index futures contract
is for 10,000 units. Thus, if the Stock Index is at 8,500,
one contract will cost $8,500 x 10,000 or $85 million (in U.S.
dollars). All commodity prices and the Stock Index price are
always quoted in U.S. dollars in W$R, even if you have
configured a game for a different currency.

When you initiate a trade, the contract will be for one or
more such contracts of 10,000 or 1 million units of the
underlying item.

Since players sometimes amass so much money (in the trillions),
either fairly or more often by cheating, the amount of
commodities you could buy or sell short with 20-to-1 leverage
could become astronomical -- for instance, thousands of times
more oil than exists in all the oil reserves on the planet.
To make things (slightly) more realistic, Wall Street Raider
limits any single purchase or short sale of commodities to
10,000 contracts, or 100,000 contracts in the case of crude
oil. While you may do multiple transactions, the simulation
only allows you to be "long" or "short" futures on a commodity
to the extent of five times the above single transaction
limits -- 50,000 contracts for each commodity other than
oil, or 500,000 contracts for oil. However, you can be long
50,000 contracts AND short 50,000 contracts for any of the
commodities (500,000 for crude oil).  

The 50,000 / 500,000 contract limit applies collectively to
you and to all the companies you control. Thus, for example, if
you are long 43,000 contracts on gold, a company you control
can only acquire another 7,000 long contracts on gold, before
the 50,000 contract limit is reached.

For physical commodities, the same overall limits apply as for
commodity futures, but a buyer may acquire all of the amount
allowed in one purchase, rather than in five transactions.

@I0326
 - FINANCING TRANSACTIONS.  The "Financing" transactions
menu pops up when you click on the "Financing" button in
the Transactions group of buttons on the main screen. 

Transactions in this menu provide a number of ways to raise
capital for a corporation you control, including issuance of
more stock by the company, or the issuance of corporate bonds
The "Financing" group of transactions also allows you to put
money into a 100% controlled subsidiary corporation ("Capital
Contribution" button), or to take money out of a corporation
in large amounts, by means of an Extraordinary Dividend
("Extraordinary Dividend" button).

You can also liquidate a 100% subsidiary into the parent
corporation in some cases, or you can liquidate any other
company (other than a bank or insurance company) in a "Taxable
Liquidation," after selling off all its assets and paying off
its debts. 

You or a company you control can put "seed" money into a
startup company (and then, perhaps have the startup company
raise more money by public and private stock issuances
(IPO's or private sales to "White Knight" or venture capital
investors), or by floating a bond issue, once the new
company has a few years of "seasoning."

Each of the various financing transactions is discussed
below.

@I0327
   ... START UP NEW CORP. button.  Click on this button to
start up a new, wholly-owned company, owned by the currently
selected entity (you, or a company you control). You can start
up a new company in any industry, including banking or insurance,
if you would like to own your own bank or insurance company,
which can make loans or invest in bonds (or do both, in the
case of a bank).

You (or your controlled company) will have to contribute the
initial equity capital for the new company. The initial
capital must be at least $100 million, or $1000 million if
the startup is a bank or insurance company (or the equivalent
amount if the game has been configured for a currency other
than the U.S. dollar). 

The new company can then do one or more "private offerings"
of its stock to increase its capital further during the next
few years. Then, once the company has been in business a few
years and has gotten some "seasoning," your investment
bankers may be able to float a bond issue or do an IPO
(initial public offering) of stock, to raise even more
capital for investment.

You (and this includes any companies you control) can only
do three "startups" in any two calendar years. Thus, if you
have just done two startups, you will have to wait until the
start of the next year before you can do another one.

Note that this is a great way to "leverage" your financial
power, if you lack the financial power to take over a
particular large company. For example, let's say you have
only $100 million in net worth, and want to take control
of a large company, but you need $700 million to do so.

Thus, you could start up a small new company, and put your
$100 million of capital into it.

Then you can have it do private stock offerings, until the
initial $100 million of seed money plus the proceeds of
the private stock offerings have increased its equity
capital to about $500 million, and your ownership
percentage is diluted down to 20%.

Then, once the company has been in business long enough
to float securities in a public offering, you could have
the company raise another $500 million, for instance, by
issuing bonds, or before then by borrowing from its bank
lender.

At that point it should have at least the $700 million you
needed to do the takeover of the large company, which you
thought you couldn't afford with your own limited financial
resources. Thus, with only $100 million of your own money,
you may have managed to do a $700 million-dollar takeover
of a large company! (Which can do similar things with
a new company that it starts up, to take over an even
bigger company? The possibilities are almost endless, if
you are creative enough.... And if you can pay the interest
on all the debt.)

However, you should be aware that startup costs can be
substantial, and that a new company may incur losses for
its first few quarters (or years) of operation, so don't
expect any easy, quick profits, generally.

Also, when you invest in a startup, it may be difficult to
sell your stock in it, until the company has been in business
long enough to do a public offering, unless you sell your
stock to another company that you control, or the company
does a private offering, making the stock somewhat more
marketable.

When a new bank is started, it will usually invest some of
its initial capital in corporate loans, purchased from other
banks. Some of these acquired loans may be poor-quality
"D"-rated loans. Any such "D"-rated 
loans will be purchased at a discount of 30% to 80% of
face value, depending upon how "sick" the borrower is. The
selling bank will get the loan off its books (but will incur
a loss, charged to its bad debt reserve), while the new bank
that is buying the "D"-rated loan will add an amount to its
initial bad debt reserve (not an expense) equal to the
discount on the purchase (30% to 50% of the loan balance).

At the time you do a startup, a company name, stock symbol
and country of incorporation will be assigned to the company,
but you will be asked if you want to change any of those
items, and allowed to do so if you answer "Yes." 

@I0328
   ... CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION button.  Click on this button if
you wish to inject capital into a 100% owned company. If it
is a company you personally own 100% of, you will transfer
in the money from your own bank account. Or, if the company
is 100% owned by a parent company that you control, you
can have the parent company contribute the cash to the
subsidiary company. Note that the capital contribution will
increase the parent company or player's "tax basis" for the
stock of the subsidiary, by the amount of the contribution.

A player or corporation may also contribute stock or bonds to
a 100%-owned subsidiary company. In that case, the "tax basis"
of the contributed stock or bonds carries over to the new owner
of the stocks or bonds (the subsidiary), and the player or 
parent company making the contribution increases the tax basis
of his/her/its stock of the subsidiary by the amount of the
tax basis he/she/it had in the shares of stock or the bonds
that he/she or it contributed.

If the parent company is an industrial company (not a bank,
insurance company or holding/trading company), it may
also contribute capital assets (business assets, such as
airplanes for an airline, land for a real estate company)
to the subsidiary, if both companies are in the same
industry, or if the subsidiary is a holding/trading
company. As with cash contributions, an asset contribution
will increase the parent's "tax basis" for the stock of
the subsidiary.

In some cases, where the parent company is a bank, bank
regulators may limit the amount of capital the bank can
contribute to a subsidiary in the form of cash, if over
half of the bank's net worth would be invested in stocks,
after such capital contribution. However, a bank is not
limited in the amount of the stock of one company that it
owns which it may contribute as capital to another company
(100%-owned subsidiary) that it owns, since such a stock
contribution does not increase the bank's total amount
invested in stocks, but merely changes the form of the 
investment, say from owning stock in two companies to
combining the investments into stock in one subsidiary
by contributing the stock of one to the other.

A player or bank or insurance company that owns government
bonds or corporate bonds may only contribute those bonds
to a bank or insurance company, since other companies in
Wall Street Raider are not allowed to invest in bonds. 
However, there is one exception. If you own 100% of XYZ
Corporation, which is neither a bank or insurance company,
and also own bonds that XYZ as issued, you may contribute
some or all of those bonds to XYZ. Doing so reduces the
amount of bonds XYZ has outstanding (owes), but is not a
taxable event.

@I0329
   ... PUBLIC STOCK OFFERING button.  Click on this button if
you wish to have the selected company (controlled by you) issue
more stock to the public, to raise money for expansion, to
pay down debt, or improve its credit rating. Note that if
you barely have control, say 20% ownership of the company,
you will generally lose control when you have the company
do a public stock offering, as issuing more stock will
dilute your ownership. Thus, if you own 20% (20 million
shares) of a company with 100 million shares of stock
outstanding, and it issues 20 million new shares, you
will only own 20/120ths of the stock, or about 16%, and
will cease to have control of the company.

A new company, such as a startup without several years'
earnings history, may not be able to do a public stock
offering until it has been in business a few years. A
more mature or "seasoned" company may be able to raise
as much as $100 billion (U.S.) or the equivalent in
another currency, in a public offering. The $100 billion
limit is indexed, or increased, after the year 2010,
increasing by 6% each year, compounded quarterly.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, as this
function is only applicable to corporations.

@I0330
   ... PRIVATE STOCK OFFERING button.  Click on this button
to do a "private" stock offering of stock to a "White Knight"
or venture capital investor. This, like a public offering,
will increase the amount of stock outstanding, except that
the shares will be sold to a large, neutral company (not
controlled by a competing player), such as an insurance
company, instead of selling shares to the public. 

This feature is generally useful when the underwriters
inform you they cannot float any stock for your company in
a public offering. They will instead find a neutral "White
Knight" company, or venture capital investor, if possible,
to buy the newly issued stock of your company. (As with a
public stock issuance or IPO, this will also dilute your
stock ownership, and may cause you to lose control of the
company, if you only control 20%, or slightly more, of the
company before the private offering.) In some cases, if
you are seeking to raise a very large amount of money
through a private offering, the underwriters may be unable
to find a "white knight" with enough money to do the
transaction.

A private offering to an unrelated company is done at 95%
of the current stock price, since it is necessary to offer
a potential buyer a price inducement in order to make the
sale.

However, a company can also do private offerings to you or
to another company that you control, at 100% of the current
market price. There is no limit on the number of private
offerings of this type a company may do.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, as this
function is only applicable to corporations.

@I0331
   ... ISSUE BONDS button.  Click on this button to have
a company you control raise money by issuing corporate
bonds, if the company does not already have an issue of
bonds outstanding. A company in W$R can only have one
issue of bonds issued and outstanding at any given time.
A newly formed company may be unable to float bonds in
the bond market, until it has been in business for several
years. A "well-seasoned" company, depending on its net
worth, may be able to raise as much as $150 billion (U.S.)
or the equivalent in another currency by issuing bonds.
The $150 billion limit is indexed, or increased, after
the year 2010, increasing by 6% each year, compounded 
quarterly.

If bonds are outstanding, this function may let you buy
some or all of them back on the open market, perhaps at
a price below face value, if they are trading below 100,
or you may be able to call in all or part of a bond issue
(if your company has the money or line of credit to do so)
at a price slightly above face value, up to 105% of par.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, as this
function is only applicable to corporations.

When your company is issuing bonds, you will be asked if you
want to apply some or all of the proceeds to paying off bank
loans. Doing so will help you get a better credit rating and
thus a lower interest rate on the bonds, than if you had issued
the bonds first, piling debt on top of debt (and thus lowering
your credit rating significantly in most cases), and were then
to decide to pay off the bank loan.

To prevent an endless pyramiding of highly leveraged companies,
without "running the clock," recent versions of W$R will
only allow you to do a maximum of 4 bond issuances in any one
calendar quarter, or less if you did more than one issuance in
the prior quarter. Thus, you will need to run the stock ticker
and have some time elapse before you can do more bond issuances,
if you should run into this limit.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, as this
function is only applicable to corporations.

@I0332
   ... BUY BACK OR CALL BONDS button.  Click on this button
if you wish to have your controlled corporation buy back
or call some of the bonds it has previously issued. You
can do so by buying back any of the bonds that are actively
traded by "the public," or, if all the bonds are held by
other players or banks or insurers, you can sometimes "call"
in the bonds for redemption, usually at a price of 101% to
105% of face value. (Buying the bonds back on the open
market from the public may be more or less expensive than
calling them in. For example, if the "call" price is 105,
and the bonds are trading for 93, it would obviously be
cheaper to buy back the publicly traded bonds at 93 plus
trading costs (commissions and markup).

Recently issued bonds may not be callable, so you may have
no choice but to either buy them back at market price, or
buy them from existing holders for about 5% above the
current market price, one seller at a time.

It is assumed in W$R that the terms of the bond indenture
for all corporate bonds prohibit you from calling the bonds
if there are more than 10 years remaining before the maturity
date when they are due. It is also assumed that, as many
bond indentures in the real world specify, that the issuer
can't float new bonds to pay off the old, and can't issue
any more bond issues until the old one is paid off. So if
you want to float more bonds, you need to find some way to
raise the money, such as a bank loan or sale of assets or
stock offering, in order to pay off the old bonds, before
you can float a new bond issue.

If you can raise enough money to buy back the company's
bonds, click on this button and then select "YES" to try
to do a redemption (call), or if that is not possible or
desirable, answer "NO" to the question of whether you want
to "call" or "redeem" the bonds, and you will be able to
buy back any publicly traded bonds or, if none are publicly
traded, the company may buy back its bonds held by you
personally or by any bank or insurance company that holds
them, at market price (or at 5 points above market if you
have to "induce" a holder that is not under your control to
sell its bonds to you).

However, you will not be able to force an opposing player
who holds the company's bonds to sell them, at any price,
so that can block your plans to pay off a small bond issue
and issue new bonds, in some instances.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, as this
function is only applicable to corporations.

@I0333
   ... EXTRAORDINARY DIVIDEND button.  Click on this button if
you wish to have a company you control pay an extraordinary or
special dividend to all its shareholders, in an amount that
does not too seriously impair the company's creditworthiness.
Note that the dividends will be fully taxable, if received by 
a player, and may be partly taxable to a corporate shareholder. 

30% of the dividend is taxable to a corporate shareholder
owning under 20% of the stock of the payor; 20% is taxable if
the corporate shareholder owns between 20% and 79% of the stock
of the payer; and none of the dividend is taxable if the parent
company owns 80% or more of the payor's stock. This is fully
congruent with U.S. tax laws, and somewhat similar to tax
treatment in other European and Asian countries, in the "real
world."

Be aware that if you try to do too large an extraordinary dividend,
or a series of such dividends by one company, the tax authorities
may decide that the transaction is in substance a "partial
liquidation" of the company, which will be fully taxable, even
if the recipient shareholders are corporations (except for any
parent corporation that owns 80% or more of the payor). In such
taxable situations, you will be given a warning, and allowed to
cancel the dividend distribution, if you do not wish to incur a
large tax liability for the shareholders.

If you have a short position in a company when another player
causes it to pay an extraordinary dividend, you will have to
pay out an amount equal to the dividend you would have received
if you had been long the same percentage of the stock. The
amount of the "short dividend" you have to pay will be treated
as a capital loss for tax purposes in Wall Street Raider.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations.

@I0334
   ... TAX-FREE LIQUIDATION button.  Click on this button if
you wish to have the selected company you control liquidate.
There are two kinds of liquidations: nontaxable ones, in
which a 100%-owned subsidiary of another company in the same
industry transfers all its assets and liabilities to the
surviving parent corporation; and "taxable" liquidations,
where all of the liquidated company's assets are sold off
and cash is distributed to its shareholders. In a taxable
liquidation, individual shareholders and corporation
shareholders owning stock in the company that is being
liquidated may recognize a taxable gain or loss when they
receive cash in exchange for the stock they owned.

If you click on the "Tax-Free Liquidation" and the company
you have selected as the "Active Entity" cannot qualify
for a tax-free liquidation, you will be told that and
asked if you want to do a taxable liquidation, instead.
(See the discussion of the "Taxable Liquidation" button
below, for a description of taxable liquidations.)

To do a nontaxable type of liquidation, the company that is
to be liquidated must be a 100%-owned subsidiary of another
corporation, and both companies must be in the same industry
group, except that a Holding / Trading company can be
liquidated into any type of company, and any type of company
except a bank or insurance company can be liquidated INTO a
Holding / Trading company. In recent versions of the simulation,
banks or insurance companies may be liquidated (but only into
other banks or insurance companies), which was not allowed in
earlier versions of the program. 

However, nontaxable liquidations may be blocked at times, by
various government regulatory agencies (even if approved by the
tax authorities).

If a nontaxable liquidation is permitted (sometimes it will be
blocked by the bondholders of one company or the other), and
is completed, then all the assets and liabilities of the sub
will be added to those of the parent, and the sub will cease
to exist. (But in the case of a bank or insurer, a new bank
or insurer will immediately be started up, to take its place.)
In addition to cash, stocks, business assets, and physical commodities
that will be transferred to the parent corporation, various
contracts such as commodity futures, interest rate swaps, and
investment management contracts (for companies that receive
management fees from managing ETF's, such as brokers, banks,
or insurance companies) will all be transferred to the parent
also, in a nontaxable liquidation. Liabilities, such as bank
loans or bond indebtedness will also transfer. However, a bank
loan owed by the liquidating subsidiary will be transferred to
the parent company's bank lender, which will buy it from the
subsidiary's bank lender.

A liquidation will sometimes be blocked, if both companies
have bonds issued and outstanding, and the public owns half or
more of the bonds issued by either, in which case the public
bondholders will assert their legal rights to prevent the
liquidation from occurring. (Thus, you may have to buy up
a majority of the bonds issued by both companies to prevent
the public bondholders from blocking the liquidation, in
some cases.)

In some cases, where both companies have bonds outstanding,
it may be possible and necessary to fully cash out the
bondholders of one company, to be able to complete the
liquidation. This will happen (where it is financially
feasible) automatically, with no action required on your
part.

In a nontaxable liquidation, if the liquidated subsidiary
had tax loss carryovers, they will be transferred and may
be used as tax losses by the parent company, unless either
the liquidated company or the parent was a Holding / Trading
company. The same is true of any unused tax credits (R&D
credits and/or investment tax credits) of the liquidated
company, which will transfer if the tax loss carryovers
qualify to be "inherited" by the parent company.

If either company is a Holding / Trading company, the tax
losses, if any, of the subsidiary will simply disappear, as
usually happens in the real world tax law. Similarly, if
the parent company is a Holding / Trading company and has tax
loss carryovers, it will lose those carryovers if the liquidated
subsidiary is not also a Holding / Trading company, since the
parent company will have made a "change of business" when it
acquires the business assets of the liquidated company (thus
entering that industry). However, if both companies are Holding /
Trading companies, the parent will not lose any tax loss
carryovers or tax credits that it had before the transaction.

Since the program keeps track of the "tax basis" (cost, with
certain adjustments) of stocks held by corporations, the parent
company will "inherit" the tax basis of any stocks that were
held by the liquidated subsidiary, in a nontaxable liquidation.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations.

@I0335
  ... TAXABLE LIQUIDATION button.  This is a new type of
liquidation that is possible in recent versions of the Wall
Street Raider simulation. Unlike a nontaxable liquidation,
a taxable liquidation can be done even if its stock is not
100%-owned by a parent corporation. In fact, it can be
liquidated even if you, the player, own some or all of its
stock. For example, if you own 20% of a company's stock
(other than a bank or insurance company), you can liquidate
it even if it has no other shareholders but "the Public."
In that case, 20% of the cash distributed in liquidation
would go to you, the other 80% to "the Public" (which means,
in Wall Street Raider, that it simply disappears).

A taxable liquidation is not allowed if the company you wish
to liquidate does not have enough assets to pay off all of
its debts and tax liabilities, at the time you commence
the liquidation. However, since selling off its assets may
reduce its net worth to less than zero, you may sometimes do
a taxable liquidation and find that you get no money from
the corporation, after it applies all its cash to payment of
debts and accrued taxes.

In this type of liquidation, any company other than a bank or
insurance company may be liquidated, if it first sells off all
of the stocks and business assets (capital assets) it owns,
and pays off any bonds it has issued and loans it owes. Once
it reduces all of its assets to cash, and pays off its bondholders,
bank loans and any accrued taxes it owes, it may liquidate, by
distributing cash to all of its shareholders, in proportion to
their stock holdings in the company. 

Distributions of cash to corporations or to any individual
shareholders (players) are treated like a sale of their stock
at that price, and will result in a taxable gain or loss,
depending on how much the player or company that owned the
stock had paid for his or her stock (which may have been
adjusted up or down by certain transactions, such as capital
contributions, and thus may be more or less than the original
cost). 

For example, if you own stock in a company that is liquidated
in a taxable liquidation, and your cost for the stock is $75
million, you will have a capital gain of $25 million if you
receive $100 million for the stock in the liquidation. But
if your cost was $150 million, you would recognize a $50
million capital loss on the transaction.

Note that in a taxable liquidation, any tax loss carryovers
or unused tax credits of the liquidated company, which could
have been used by it to shelter its income from tax, will
disappear and be lost forever when it liquidates, so it is
often best NOT to liquidate a company that has large tax loss
carryovers or tax credits that it might be able to use if it
continues to exist and operate. Note that when the company
sells off all its assets in order to liquidate, if it has
net gains on such sales, it must ordinarily make a final tax
payment, but may be able to shelter some or all of such gains
if it had a tax loss carryover or unused tax credits.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations.

@I0336
  ... Spin-Off Subsidiary button. This feature allows you to
have a company you control "spin off" (distribute) stock of a
company that it owns stock in, from 1% to 100%, to the
stockholders of the parent company. 

Spin-offs may be taxable or nontaxable: Only a spin-off
of 80% or more of the total stock of a subsidiary company,
where the subsidiary is not a holding company, and where
the subsidiary has been actively engaged in a trade or
business (was not a holding/trading company) for at least the
last 5 years, can qualify as a nontaxable transaction. Even
a "nontaxable" transaction will be partly taxable, if the
parent company's "tax basis" in the stock of the subsidiary
that is being distributed is a negative amount (an "excess
loss account," in tax lingo). However, in that case, only
the amount of the excess loss account will be triggered
into income and taxed to the parent company, as a result
of lowering its stock ownership in the subsidiary to less
than 80%, due to the distribution of 80% or more of the
subsidiary's stock.

A taxable spin-off is usually a financial disaster -- something
to be avoided, in most cases.

In a taxable spin-off, the shareholders are taxable on the
value of the stock they receive, and that value also becomes
their "tax basis" for the acquired shares. (Note, however,
that if stock is distributed to a parent corporation of the
distributing company that owns at least 80% of the distributing
company, the distribution of stock it receives is treated
as a nontaxable dividend, even if shares distributed in the
same spin-off to other shareholders are taxable to them.)

In addition, if the market value of the distributed stock is
greater than the "tax basis" of such stock in the hands of the
distributing company when it makes the spin-off distribution,
the distributing company will be treated as though it had
sold the stock at market value, and it will be taxable on the
difference between value and "tax basis." (If, on the other
hand, the parent company would have had a loss if it had sold
the stock at the current market price, it is not allowed to
claim the loss as a tax deduction. Heads, the tax man wins,
tails, you lose. Just like in the real world of corporate
income taxation.)

In a "nontaxable" spin-off, the distribution is not
taxable to the recipients of the stock. Their tax basis
for the shares they receive is a fraction of their tax
basis for their holdings of the parent company that made
the distribution. That is, part of their tax basis for
the parent company's shares gets allocated over to the
newly received stock that was distributed to them, and is
allocated in proportion to the relative market values of
the stock of the parent and the stock received. Also, in
a "nontaxable" spin-off, the parent (distributing) company
will not recognize any taxable gain on the stock it is
spinning off, generally. The only exception is where the
parent has a negative tax basis ("excess loss account")
with respect to the stock of the subsidiary, in which case
the parent will only have to report gain, limited to (and
equal to) the amount of the excess loss account.

Thus, for example, if a parent company (ParentCo) distributes
stock of SubCo in a nontaxable spin-off, and the stock is
worth 10,000 million, but has a negative tax basis (excess
loss account) of -400 million in the hands of ParentCo,
only the 400 million will be taxable, either immediately
or by the end of the quarter. In contrast, in the same
situation, if the stock were sold instead of being spun-off,
the entire gain of 10,400 million would be taxable to the
parent company.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations.


@I0338
 - MANAGEMENT TRANSACTIONS. The "Management" button on the main
W$R screen brings up a pop-up Management menu that lets you
do any of a number of management-related actions, when you
control a company, either to affect its profitability, or to
enable you to take money out of the company, such as by paying
yourself a salary as President and CEO of the company, or by
changing the amount to be paid out as quarterly dividends
to stockholders.

The text box that accompanies the menu buttons on this menu
provides various types of information, and will always remind
you if you could earn a higher CEO salary by electing yourself
as CEO (chief executive officer) of a particular company you
control.

The various Management Transactions are described below.

@I0339
   ... ELECT ME AS CEO OF COMPANY button.  Click on this
button to elect yourself as the President/CEO of the currently
selected company (if it is one you control). Doing so will
mean that you will receive an annual salary from the company,
paid in quarterly installments, as a company expense. Your
compensation is largely tied to the price of the company's
stock, so the bigger the company (and its capitalization),
the bigger your paycheck, as a rule. However, banks and
insurance companies tend to pay less than industrial companies,
and holding companies often pay very little, even if they are
very large, and the same is true of industrial companies that
have only a small amount of capital assets, if most of their
assets are in passive holdings such as cash or stocks of other
companies.

Under the compensation formula, the higher you can keep the
company's stock price per share above its net worth per share,
the larger your pay will be, as a rule, so you have a strong
incentive to get the stock price up as high as possible.
This is especially true since your CEO compensation package
will also include quarterly grants of valuable stock options
on the company's stock, if its stock is publicly traded.

In addition to your quarterly salary payments, you may also
receive a bonus of up to 5 times the annual base salary rate,
if you are able to increase the company's earnings (which must
be a positive amount) by over 15% a year for several consecutive
years and, if you control at least 51% of the stock, your bonus 
will be double what it would otherwise be. Even if earnings are
negative or do not increase, you will still receive a year-end
bonus equal to 1 times the annual base salary rate if you
control 51% of the company, so it definitely pays to control
at least 51% of the stock of the company you are employed by!

In W$R, you can only be CEO of one company at a time, so
you should usually choose to become CEO of the company
you control that pays the largest CEO salary, in order to
maximize your annual compensation income. Also, be aware
that once you cease to be CEO of a company, unless you
still control that company, any executive stock options
you were granted by it will be revoked (forfeited by
you), unless they have vested. Such options do not vest
until one year after date of grant.

Use the "Who's Ahead" button on the "Entity Info" menu,
if you control more than one corporation, to find out
which company you control has the largest capitalization,
as the information in the "Who's Ahead" screen will tell
you the name of the largest company you control. Often,
the largest company will pay the largest salary.

Note that if a competing player is CEO of a company, and you
take control of that company, you can elect yourself as the
new CEO, and the other player will be fired, which can be a
source of considerable pleasure. (Just don't try that little
maneuver if the other player happens to be your spouse.)

@I0340
   ... RESIGN AS CEO OF COMPANY button.  Click on this button
to resign as President/CEO of a corporation, if you would prefer
not to receive a CEO salary from any company. (Any salary or
bonus you receive from a corporation is an expense that reduces
the corporation's earnings.) Note that if you resign as CEO of
a company, any unvested stock options you were granted by
that company will be revoked immediately if you no longer
control the company, or will be revoked later if you should
eventually lose control of the company before the options
vest.

Note also, if you have "seniority" with the company of 
which you are currently the CEO, that is a prerequisite
to earning performance bonuses for increasing the company's
earnings in subsequent years. If you resign, you will lose
that seniority, and will be starting from scratch if you
become CEO of another company. Accordingly, if you have
"seniority" that will be lost, the program will ask you
if you are sure you wish to resign as CEO and lose that
employment history.

@I0341
   ... CHANGE MANAGERS button.  Click on this button to change
(fire) the management team of a company you control. (The executives
fired will not include you, of course, if you are the company's
CEO and President -- only your subordinates will be terminated). 

This will cost the company money, as all the top executives
always have "golden parachute" contracts -- so the company may
have to pay them millions when you fire and replace them. This
will initially put a big dent in the company's earnings.
However, in a few quarters or perhaps a few years, you will
finally see a news announcement, if you watch the news ticker
closely, indicating whether the new management team is a success,
no improvement, or (worst of all), a disaster.

In general, read a research report on the company, and don't
use the Chg. Managers transaction unless the management team
is rated as incompetent (or grossly incompetent). You will
DEFINITELY not want to change the managers if they are rated
as "very capable" by the Research Report on the company, as
the odds are that the new management team will not be as good.

This button does not appear if you, the player, are the 
currently selected "Active Entity" or if you do not control 
any corporations.

@I0342
   ... SET DIVIDEND PAYOUT button.  Click on this button to
change the amount the selected company pays out to you and
other stockholders as dividends. The program will set limits
on how high a dividend a company may pay, per share. In
general, the stronger a company's credit rating, the larger
the dividends it may pay out.

Dividends are fully taxable to individual players, so you may
not want to have companies you own directly pay out a high
percentage of profits to you as dividends, as "regular" tax
rates for individuals are quite high. Better to let the money
stay in the corporation and increase the value of your stock,
deferring any tax on you until you sell the stock -- and even
then you will pay much lower capital gains tax rates!

Unlike individual shareholders, corporate shareholders pay
very little tax on dividends they receive from corporate stocks
they own. The amount taxed depends on the percent ownership of
the dividend payor. If the parent company owns 80% or more of
the payor's stock, any dividends are tax-free to the parent
(as the companies are treated as filing a single "consolidated"
tax return).

If the parent owns between 20% and 79% of the payor, only
20% of the dividend received is taxable. If the parent
company owns less than 20% of the payor's stock, it pays
tax on only 30% of the dividends received.

This function is for any selected corporation controlled
by the player, but not for the player himself or herself.
(People don't pay dividends; corporations do.) Thus, this
button does not appear if the currently selected "Active
Entity" is you, the player.

@I0343
   ... SET PRODUCTIVITY SPENDING button.  Click on this button
to change the percentage of sales or gross income that a company
spends on increasing its profits and productivity, which is
for R & D (research and development) spending for companies
in technical industries, or for advertising/marketing for
companies in other industries, such as banking, shipping,
or trucking. The more a company spends, the more it reduces
its pre-tax profits, so in the short run, spending a high
percentage (say 15% or 20%) of gross income on R&D or
advertising may hurt the company's earnings and stock price.

However, there is a good possibility that such spending will
eventually lead to a big improvement in its profitability,
and if you then cut back on such spending, you can boost its
profits even further. If a company is losing money or appears
to be incompetently managed, increasing its productivity
spending percentage may increase its losses, but may be the
best way to eventually turn the company around .... if it does
not go broke, first.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations. It is also not displayed if the
current "Active Entity" is a holding / trading company, unless
the holding/trading company is not controlled by you and the
previously selected "Active Entity" was a corporation that is
controlled by you (and is not a holding/trading company).

@I0344
   ... SET GROWTH RATE% button.  Click on this button to change
the selected company's rate of expansion, which is the amount
or rate at which it is growing its capital assets. If the
company is highly profitable, earning, say 30% on its business
capital assets, you might want to "step on the accelerator"
and have it expand rapidly, to increase profits. If, on the
other hand, it is losing money, or earning a very poor return
on its capital assets (less than the cost of its borrowed
funds, for example), then you might want to reduce its growth
rate, even to as much as -10% a year, which means it will be
converting 10% of its assets to cash each year, as the assets
are depreciated.

If the selected company is an insurance company, setting the
growth rate determines how fast it is expanding its base of
insurance policies in force. As a general rule, if it is
expanding its business rapidly, it has to do so by taking on
riskier business, and thus its underwriting profit on its
insurance activities will tend to shrink or underwriting losses
will rise. Decreasing the growth rate of insurance in force,
or actually shrinking its business by weeding out high-risk
customers, will improve underwriting profitability. However,
since the amount of insurance policy reserves is like an
interest-free loan, on which the company can earn investment
profits by buying stocks, bonds and bank CDs, an insurer is
usually willing to tolerate some level of underwriting losses
in order to increase the amount of its insurance in force.

This transaction, for setting a company's growth rate, is
for insurers and "industrial" companies only, not for banks,
holding / trading companies, or for individual players, none
of whom have "capital assets" like factories, airplanes,
ships, etc., or insurance policy reserves.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations. It is also not displayed if the
current "Active Entity" is a holding / trading company, unless
the holding/trading company is not controlled by you and the
previously selected "Active Entity" was a corporation that is
controlled by you (and is not a holding/trading company).

@I0345
   ... RESTRUCTURE button.  Click on this button if you
control a company that is very unprofitable, and has
incompetent management (other than financial companies).
This will allow a company to "restructure" by shutting
down (at a big loss) money losing operations, while
making remaining operations more efficient and profitable.
Depending on your company's financial strength, you may
be able (and willing) to write off as much as 50% of
a company's capital assets in a restructuring, although
that would be a very drastic writedown.

Doing a restructuring will usually result in a large loss
for the current quarter, so it may temporarily clobber
the price of your company's stock. However, for a sick
company, it may be the only way to stop it from constantly
losing money. The more you spend to restructure, the
weaker the company will be, in terms of its credit
rating, but the more likely you will quickly increase
its relative profitability.

This is a very powerful tool, but if overdone, or used
in the wrong situation, can turn a sick company into a
bankrupt company very quickly, so use it with caution.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations. It is also not usually displayed
if the current "Active Entity" is a bank, insurance company,
or a holding / trading company that you control, none of which
have "capital assets" to write down, in W$R.

@I0346
   ... ANTITRUST SUIT button.  Click on this button if you want
a company you control to file an antitrust lawsuit against a
dominating or monopolistic company in its industry (other than
in banking, insurance, or holding company industries). In
general, if one company (including subsidiaries it controls,
or other companies under common control by the same player)
controls a market share of over 50% in a particular industry,
there is a good chance you can win an antitrust suit against
it, or at least extract a large settlement from it, that
more than covers your legal expenses.

In general, the better law firm you have, and the worse law
firm the defendant company has, the better your chances of
winning a lawsuit against the defendant. However, the better
law firms charge a lot more in fees.

Before you file an antitrust suit, click on the "Game
Options/Select Law Firm" drop down menu item on the
Main Menu, and choose either a Cheap, Average, or Expensive
law firm, as you feel is best. You may only be able to
afford the Cheap law firm, but that may be OK if the company
you are suing has a 75% market share and thus you know you
are almost certain to win a case against it.

If you don't select a law firm, you will be assumed to have
selected an Average law firm. Note that your selection of
law firms will also affect any harassing lawsuits filed
by you or your companies, or filed against companies you
control by other players or their companies.

Note that if you try to monopolize an industry by taking
over most of the larger companies, or by rapidly expanding
a dominant company so it increases its market share way
above 50%, and drives smaller competitors out of business,
you will probably find that other surviving companies in
the industry will file antitrust suits against your company,
so your company will be the defendant.

Whether you are suing or defending an antitrust lawsuit,
you will be given a chance to make a settlement offer before
going to trial, which may or may not be an amount the other
party is willing to accept. For example, if you are suing
for $5 billion, and are only willing to settle the case for
$4.5 billion, it's VERY unlikely the other party will settle,
so you will have to take your chances in a trial. But if
you offered to settle for $1 billion, the other party might
very well agree to pay you the $1 billion, if you have a
strong case. (You'll eventually learn from trial and error,
what kind of settlement offers to make or accept, to maximize
your profits or minimize your costs.)

If the company bringing a lawsuit would be bankrupted by the
litigation costs, if it fails to win a settlement or judgment,
the case will usually be dismissed.

Note:  This button is not displayed if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is you, the player, as this function is only
applicable to corporations. It is also not displayed if you
control the current "Active Entity" and it is a bank, insurance
company, or a holding / trading company.

@I0347
   ... SET FUND ADVISOR FEE button.  Click on this button for
a securities brokerage or insurance company you control, to
change the management fees it charges to any Exchange-Traded
Funds (ETF) that your company manages as investment advisor.
The annual fee it can charge to an ETF can be set at rates
between 0.2% and 1.0% of the ETF's total assets, collected in
quarterly installments. Changing a management fee rate is one
of the five transactions a player is allowed per turn. However,
if the player's company manages more than one ETF, you will be
asked for each if you want to change the fee, and if you do so
for more than one "client" ETF while paging through them, it
will only count as one transaction.

Note:  This button is not displayed unless the current "Active
Entity" is a company you control that is either a securities
brokerage company or an insurance company, unless the current
"Active Entity" is a company you do not control and the previously
selected "Active Entity" was a securities brokerage or insurance
company that you do control, which will be doing this transaction.

@I0348
   ... TOGGLE AUTOPILOT ON/OFF button. Click on this button to
toggle the "AutoPilot" setting for the selected (controlled)
company on or off. When AutoPilot is turned off, you must
manage the company yourself (the default situation). When
AutoPilot is turned on, the software manages the company for
you, though your permission will be requested before a company
on AutoPilot engages in certain major transactions, such as
buying or selling stocks of other companies, or issuing new
stock.

When you use the "AutoPilot (Global) ON/OFF" setting on the
"Game Settings" pulldown menu, it turns the AutoPilot setting
ON or OFF for all companies you control. However, you can use
this "Toggle" button to change the setting for any individual
company you control (except that the setting is always "OFF" for
a company of which you are President and CEO). For example, you
may have turned the global setting "ON" for all your companies,
but you can use this button on the Management Menu to turn
AutoPilot off for any specific company you control. Or vice
versa, if the global setting is "OFF," you can turn AutoPilot
"ON" for a specific company. (Or later turn it back "OFF.")

@I0349
 - OTHER TRANSACTIONS. The fourth button in the "Transactions"
group on the main Wall Street Raider screen is the "Other
Transactions" button, which brings up a pop-up menu with various
"dirty tricks" and other transactions you may wish to do. Unless
the currently selected "Active Entity" is a bank that you control,
only the first three buttons mentioned below will appear when this
menu pops up -- the "Harassing Lawsuit," "Spread Rumors," and
"Change Bank" buttons. If the "Active Entity" is a bank that
you control, the other three buttons mentioned below will also
be shown, but the "Change Bank" button will be grayed out.

The functions performed by each of the buttons on the "Other
Transactions" pop-up menu are described below.

@I0350
   ... HARASSING LAWSUIT button.  If you really believe in playing
"hard ball," click on this button to file a phony, or nuisance
lawsuit on some pretext, against a competing player's company,
as a financial harassment technique.

The suit can be filed either by you, or by a company you control.
The main effect is that both sides have to spend up to $500
million or so on lawyers. If you have a $50 billion company,
and a competing player has a little company with only $400
million of net worth, you may be able to bankrupt his or her
company with such a nuisance suit, while it would have little
effect on your giant company, if each party has to spend $500
million on legal fees.

This is a brutal tactic, and a great way to force another
player out of the game, if you want to be totally ruthless,
and a true cutthroat.

The main risk is that, once in a while, the courts will award
the other player a huge amount of damages, to penalize you
for "malicious prosecution" -- i.e., for filing a phony
lawsuit just to harass the other party. So this nasty tactic
can sometimes backfire.

@I0351
   ... SPREAD RUMORS button.  Click on this button if you
are getting desperate, and want to play dirty, by spreading
vicious false rumors about a competitor's company, which
may depress its earnings or its stock price, or both.

Just be aware, when playing against the computer, that it will
soon spread rumors about YOUR main company, in retaliation, if
you resort to this kind of low-life skulduggery.

However, if an opposing player's main company is already in
financial trouble, and the player is near bankruptcy, you might
want to stoop to this level of rottenness, in attempt to push
the poor devil over the edge, perhaps by bankrupting his/her
company, and risk any possible retaliation or resulting bad
"karma." (Yes, Wall Street Raider maintains a "karma" variable
for each player during a game, so that if you engage in enough
wicked conduct, you will probably regret it at some point.)

@I0352
   ... CHANGE BANK button.  Click on this button if you or
your controlled company (the currently selected "Active Entity")
wishes to change the banking relationship to another bank. 
However, if you (or your company) owe on a loan to the bank, 
you will have to pay off the loan first, before you can change 
banks, if your current bank is one controlled by an opposing
player. Also, unless your corporation's existing loan is a 
fairly small one, you cannot change your corporation's lender
bank to one that is controlled by an opposing player. 

There are five main reasons you would want to change banks:

   -- First, your bank is also where your cash or CD's are
deemed to be deposited in this simulation. So, if the bank
seems to be on the verge of going broke, you might lose
part of your deposits in it. Therefore, you might want to
change your banking relationship, so that your cash/CD's
are deposited in a bank with a sound credit rating.

   -- Second, you might control another bank, and would
prefer to do your borrowing from your own bank, rather
than give your business to some other bank. So you would
use this feature to change banks, so you would deposit
funds in your bank, and borrow from your bank.

   -- Third, if you control the bank you borrow from, you
don't have to worry about an opposing player taking control
of it (if you own at least 51% of it), and calling in your
loan at an inopportune time. 

   -- Fourth, if you control a corporation that is in dire
financial condition, about to go bankrupt, you might want
to have its loan transferred from the current bank lender
to a bank controlled by an opposing player, so his or her
bank will incur the loss when the loan owed by your company
goes bad. (However, you will not be able to force a bank
controlled by an opposing player to buy your company's loan,
unless the amount of the loan is fairly small.) Or, if
you control the bank that lends to your financially ailing
company, you might at least want the company to change
banks to a "neutral" bank, by having such other bank
acquire the loan from your bank before it goes bad. (But 
if your company has a poor credit rating, your bank will 
have to sell the loan to a neutral bank at a substantial 
discount from face value, thus incurring an immediate loss.)

   -- Fifth, if you control a bank that lends to a corporation
that you also control, you can have the corporation prepay some
or all of its bank loan (using the REPAY LOAN button), without
incurring a 2% prepayment penalty. (The prepayment penalty
only applies to corporate loans, and only if you are playing
a game at Difficulty Level 3 or 4.)

@I0353
   ... CALL IN BANK LOAN button.  Click on this button if you
control a bank, and want it to call in up to 50% of the loan it
has made to another player or to any corporate borrower. This
can be a rather vicious but effective technique to use against
a competing player or against a financially ailing company of
a competing player, since the player or company may be forced
to liquidate assets at "fire sale" prices to make the loan
repayment. Brutal, but effective, if you are the ruthless type.
Using this cruel tactic when playing against a spouse may be
dangerous, and grounds for divorce.

You may call in any loan your bank is owed by another player.
However, your bank may not call in a corporation's loan if
the corporation has at least a 'BBB' credit rating (investment-grade)
and may not call in a loan of a company in certain other
circumstances, such as where it has a 'D' credit rating
and is under the protection of the Bankruptcy Court, or
where the company has no liquid assets (stocks, bonds, or
options) that it can sell.

You will be asked to specify the percentage of the loan you
wish to call in, from 1% to 50%.

When using this feature to call in a loan from a particular
player or company, you will also usually be asked if you want
to have ALL loans to companies controlled by the "targeted"
player, from all banks you controlled, also be called in
(with the targeted player being the player, if any, who
controls a particular company whose loan you are calling in).

Note that this button does not appear on the "Other Transactions"
menu unless the currently selected "Active Entity" is a bank
which you control.

@I0354
   ... FREEZE/UNFREEZE LOANS button.  Click on this button, for a bank
you control, if you wish to have it freeze any further lending
to any player or company, other than those you control. This
is another way to squeeze the opposition. Or, if you have a
change of heart, click on this button again to UNfreeze lending
to competing players and their companies.

A list of companies that borrow from your bank will be displayed.
Click on the name of the borrower for whom you wish to freeze 
(or unfreeze) loans from your bank. An asterisk (*) will appear
beside the listing of loan data for any unfrozen loan to a
borrower that is an opposing player or a company controlled by
an opposing player.  

Note that if you click on "OK" without selecting a loan, you will
be asked if you wish to freeze/unfreeze ALL loans to opposing
players and the companies they control. Changing this setting
will not affect loans you have frozen or not frozen for "neutral"
companies (those not controlled by any player).

Note that this button does not appear on the "Other Transactions"
menu unless the currently selected "Active Entity" is a bank
which you control.

@I0355
   ... BUY OR SELL BANK LOANS button.  Click on this button to
buy more loans, or to sell off loans to raise cash.

Use this feature to buy loans if a bank you control has a lot
of uninvested cash, and you don't think it is a good time to buy
bonds. Instead, you can have your bank acquire business (corporate
or player) loans from other banks, or consumer loans or mortgage
loans (including high-risk "subprime" mortgages). You can either
buy a corporate loan at random, or pick a player's loan or
corporate loan from a list of business loans that are offered
for sale by various banks. You will pay somewhat less than the
full face amount of the loan, such as 92% or so for riskier
loans (or as little as 20% for loans that are in default,
D-rated). For better quality loans, you may have to pay a bit
over 100% of face value, up to 108% of face value for AAA-rated
loans.

In recent versions of the program, banks controlled by the computer
player are allowed to be more aggressive in buying up loans of
other players (if playing at Difficulty Level 3 or 4) or of
companies controlled by other players (at Difficulty Level 2 or
higher), except when such a loan is currently held by a bank that
is controlled by another player.

Use this feature to have your bank sell business loans (loans 
to corporations or players) or to sell consumer or mortgage
loans. Business loans with lower credit ratings may have to be
sold at a discount from face value -- loans to companies with
better credit ratings can be sold at face value (but not at 
a price greater than 101% of face value). Some "D-rated" loans,
where the borrowing company is in extremely poor financial
condition, may not be saleable at any price. Also, in times
when the economy is bad, or during a rare "subprime crisis,"
subprime mortgage loans can only be sold at a loss, at a
significant discount from face value.

Note that this button does not appear on the "Other Transactions"
menu unless the currently selected "Active Entity" is a bank
which you control. (This same command button may also appear on
the "Buy/Sell Transactions" menu, if the "Active Entity" is a 
bank which you control.) If you control an insurance company
and want it to buy or sell subprime mortgage investments, 

@I0356
   ... EXERCISE CALL OPTION button.  Click on this button to do
an early exercise of a call option you own, or your controlled
company owns, if the option is currently "in-the-money." (That 
is, the price of the underlying stock is above the strike
price.) You may do an early exercise of an option (before its
expiration date) even if your current setting for exercising
options is "No" (off). However, the various exceptions to
exercising call options at the time of expiration also will
apply to an early exercise (such as not being allowed to obtain
control of a company by exercising the option, not having
enough cash and line of credit to purchase the stock, etc.).
Players may not exercise executive options that have not yet
become vested. Such options vest one year after the date of
grant. 

Early exercise of options is not permitted in the shareware
version. (Since you cannot trade options in the shareware
version, the only time you will have options is when you are
granted executive options when you are the CEO of a company
you control.)

@I0357
   ... EXERCISE PUT OPTION button.  Click on this button to do
an early exercise of a put you own, if the option is currently
"in-the-money." (That is, the price of the underlying stock is
below the strike price.) You may do an early exercise of a put
option (before its expiration date) even if your current setting
for exercising options is "No" (off). However, you can only
exercise a put option to the extent you own the underlying
stock that you will be selling by exercise of the put.

Early exercise of options is not permitted in the shareware
version.

@I0358
   ... DECREASE EARNINGS button. Click on this button to 
add to, or create, a "Reserve for Contingencies" liability
account, in order to "smooth out" and manipulate the
earnings of a company that you control. For example,
if you expect your company's earnings in the current
quarter to rise 25% over the same quarter in the past year,
you may want to "hide" some of those earnings in this
reserve account (non-cash), since you realize it may be
hard to match that level of earnings in the future, which
could cause a big drop in the stock when the earnings
growth falters. The justification (to the auditors) for
setting up this reserve is to anticipate all manner of
future liabilities, such as litigation, product liability,
warranty reserves, potential environmental liability,
or deferred tax liabilities.

Thus, you might bury 5% of the current quarterly earnings
in the reserve, so that the current quarter only shows
an increase of 20% or so over the prior year period,
instead of the (actual) 25% increase. At some later date,
when earnings are in danger of no longer increasing, you
could take some or all of that reserve out of the account
(using the "Increase Earnings" command button), in order
to create the appearance that earnings are still rising
every quarter, so as to keep the stock price aloft. These
additions to or withdrawals from the reserve are not cash
transactions, but are merely accounting adjustments.
(Note: Additions to the reserve have no tax effect, as
they are not deductible, except in the case of a bank
-- see next paragraph. Similarly, withdrawals from this
account are not taxable.) 

If the company is a bank, it will not maintain a Reserve
for Contingencies account. Instead, this adjustment will
simply be an addition to the bank's bad debt reserve,
which will depress this quarter's (pre-tax) earnings by
the amount you are adding to the bad debt reserve, but
will have the good effect of reducing future (required)
additions to the bad debt reserve. Additions to the bad
debt reserve ARE tax-deductible.

The amount you can add to the Reserve for Contingencies
account for any one quarter by using this button is limited
to 5% of the company's projected quarterly profits, or 10%
of any projected loss (not counting "extraordinary items"
in either case). Those percentages are doubled in the case
of a bank's addition to its bad debt reserve, which are
PRE-tax expenses. Companies not controlled by a (human)
player, or that are controlled by on "autopilot," will
automatically add to their own contingency reserves or draw
down (decrease) such reserves, under certain conditions.

NOTE: Additions to the Reserve for Contingencies, although they
are for hypothetical estimated future expenses, nevertheless
create a balance sheet liability and thus can lower your company's
credit rating and reduce its line of credit (except for a bank).
However, a smart investor will realize that this is a "phony"
liability and one that can quickly be extinguished, painlessly,
by bringing that amount back as income at the end of the quarter.

ADDITIONAL NOTE: This button will not appear if you are the
current "Active Entity" or if you were the previously selected
"Active Entity" and the currently selected "Active Entity" is
a corporation that you do not control.

@I0359
   ... INCREASE EARNINGS button. Click on this button if
it appears in order to give an artificial boost to your
controlled company's earnings for the current quarter. The
button only appears for a company which you control (and
does not appear if the company is a bank.) Use this button
if your company's earnings are faltering, and you want to
continue to show improved earnings for the coming quarter.
This function allows you to take out part or all of the amount
in this account and add it to net income for the company at
the end of the current quarter. The amount taken out of the
reserve increases net income dollar-for-dollar, since the 
additions to or withdrawals from this reserve account are not
taxable transactions. Reducing or zeroing out this liability
account may also improve your company's balance sheet and
credit rating, as well as increasing your bank line of credit.

Companies that are not controlled by you (or that are not
actively managed by you) will also occasionally build up a
Reserve for Contingencies and draw upon it to "smooth out"
earnings fluctuations. You may find a company with such a
large reserve to be an attractive takeover target, after
which you could draw down or eliminate the reserve in order
to improve its reported earnings and the credit rating of 
the company.

Once a company's net worth drops below zero, the program
will automatically schedule a complete elimination of any
balance in the Reserve for Contingencies account, which
will flow back into reported income at the end of the
quarter for that company, improving its balance sheet and
net worth. This will happen automatically, even if the
company is controlled and actively managed by a player.

Note that this button will never appear where the company
is a bank, since banks do not have a Reserve for Contingencies
account in W$R. Instead, they have a reserve for bad debts
that is required to be maintained at certain minimum levels
by the national banking regulatory authorities. Making
discretionary withdrawals from the bad debt reserve is not
allowed.

ADDITIONAL NOTE: This button will not appear if you are the
current "Active Entity" or if you were the previously selected
"Active Entity" and the currently selected "Active Entity" is
a corporation that you do not control.

@I0360
   ... INTEREST RATE SWAPS button. Click on this button to
either create or terminate an interest rate swap contract,
or to view a list of your existing swaps.

NOTE: Dealing in interest rate swaps is for serious players
only, and thus is not enabled in the "shareware" version of
Wall Street Raider.

Players or companies with a credit rating of "B" or better
may enter into interest rate swap agreements with a counterparty,
if a counterparty can be found. The "notional value" of any
one such agreement cannot exceed 100 times the net worth of
you or your company that is seeking to enter into the
agreement, or if less, 500,000 (dollars or other currency).
Previously, the size of an individual contract was limited to
100,000 (of whatever currency), but the limit is now 500,000.
You may enter into additional such swaps, but not if the total
net long or net short notional value of all your contracts
would exceed 500 times your net worth. For example, if your
net worth is $2,000 million, you could enter into "long" positions
(net of any short positions) totalling up to $1,000,000 million
(one trillion). 

A bank or other corporation you control can enter into multiple
net long (or net short) positions with a total notional value
of 100 to 300 times its net worth (depending on the Difficulty
Level at which you are playing).

The counterparty will generally be a bank, brokerage firm, or
an insurance company. The "long" party to such a swap agrees
to receive a fixed rate of interest from the other party for
an agreed period of time, for up to five years into the future.
The "short" party will, in exchange, receive a variable rate
of interest of the type chosen, which can be the banks' Prime
Rate, or the yield-to-maturity rate on either the long-term
government bond or the short-term government bond. 

The varying rate is computed at the end of each quarter and is
compared to the fixed rate that is to be received by the "long"
party to the swap. If the fixed rate is higher, the net interest
rate differential, as a percentage of the notional principal
amount of the contract, is paid to the "long" party. If the
varying rate is higher than the fixed rate, the "long" party
instead pays the difference to the "short" party. Interest
is calculated on an agreed "notional" principal amount.

No money changes hands when a swap agreement is entered into.
Instead, one party pays the other party the interest rate
differential at the end of each calendar quarter. Thus, in
effect, if the contract is based on the Prime Rate, the "long"
party is betting that the Prime Rate will fall, while the
"short" party is betting the Prime Rate will rise. Similarly,
if the "bet" is on one of the government bond rates, the
"long" party is betting that interest rate will fall (usually
because the price of the bond is rising) and vice versa in
the case of the "short" party.

Since you will be dealing with financial "sharks" (brokers,
banks), you will seldom be able to enter into a swap agreement
where you actually receive the current Prime Rate as the
"fixed rate," if you are the long party, for example (or the
current Long Bond or Short Bond Rate, if the swap is based on
either of those current rates). For example, if you want to be
"long" on a Prime Rate swap when the Prime is 9%, a bank or
brokerage house may only offer to pay you 8.5% as the fixed
rate, not 9% -- "Take it or leave it."

Or, if you want to be the "short" party when the Prime Rate is
9%, you might have to agree to pay a fixed rate of 9.75% if you
want a counterparty to take your "bet." However, in some rare
cases, a counterparty will accept your offer without making a
counter-offer. (Usually because they know something you don't.)

However, if you control a bank, broker, or insurer that wants
to create a swap, the counteroffer it will be given will still
be at a slightly unfavorable fixed rate, but will only be half
as bad as you or one of your industrial companies will receive.
(Think of it as a "professional courtesy discount" from one
shark to another....)

To create a contract, you must do the following:

  (1) First, select an interest rate on which it will be based
(Prime, Long Bond, or Short Bond Rate);

  (2) Choose whether you want the "long" side of the contract
or the "short" side;

  (3) Enter a notional principal amount (which can't be more
than 100 times your or your company's net worth, or 500,000 million
of the currency in which you are playing (500,000 billion, for some
currencies), whichever is less, or may run afoul of other limits
mentioned above, where you have other existing swap contracts; and

  (4) Finally, you must select the year and quarter in which the
swap will begin and end, starting no sooner than the next quarter
and ending no later than 5 years after the next quarter. A swap
cannot begin until the next calendar quarter, although it can
begin at a later date, up to 5 years in the future.

Once you have entered your desired terms, click on the "OFFER"
button to attempt to find a counterparty. If one is found, it
may accept your terms, but will usually make a counter-offer at
a fixed rate that is usually lower (if you are "long") or that
is higher (if you are the "short" party) than the current rate.
You can either accept a counter-offer, or reject it, if you feel
it is too unfair. (Don't expect any charity, when dealing with
the likes of a Goldman Sachs or a J.P. Morgan.)

There are 3 ways a swap contract, once entered into, can terminate:

  (1) By its terms, when it expires;

  (2) Automatically, if either party goes bankrupt, or if a corporate
      party becomes insolvent (negative net worth); or

  (3) When you choose an early termination.

Note that you can choose to terminate a swap contract, but to do
so you must pay the counterparty a termination fee, an amount equal
to at least a half-year's interest rate differential at the rates
then in effect, if the differential is currently unfavorable. (If
the current rate differential is favorable to you, you probably would
not want to terminate the contract!) However, in any case the termination
fee will rarely be less than 0.5% of the notional principal amount the
contract is based upon (or from 1% to as much as 3% if the contract has
more than one year left to run). The longer the remaining term of the
contract, the higher the termination fee, and the longer its commencement
is deferred, the higher the termination fee.

As in the real world, these swap agreements are derivative instruments
that do not show up as assets or as liabilities on companies' balance
sheets. As such, they are "weapons of mass financial destruction,"
as Warren Buffett has termed them, which can destroy banks or other
entities that have a large exposure from such derivatives. 

Since you will be betting against the "house," on their terms,
when you enter into a swap agreement, much like playing at a
casino, you should expect to lose much of the time, though you
may occasionally win a jackpot. Think of doing swaps as a last,
desperate resort -- sort of like trying to get out of debt by
going to Las Vegas and trying your luck at the tables....

In the real investment world, the terms of the swap agreements that
a company has entered into are kept secret from investors, generally.
(In W$R, if you control a company, you can view all of its swaps
contracts and their terms by using the swaps menu "View List of Swap
Contracts" button.) Only a small footnote will appear in a company's
Financial Profile, disclosing only the total "notional amount" of all such
swaps contracts a company has entered into, if any, so you will have no
clue, when reading the company's financial information, as to whether it
is "long" or "short" in such contracts, or whether the swaps are likely
to be profitable or disastrous for the company.

You will also not know if the counterparty to any of the company's swaps
is likely to go broke and default on a contract, even when the company has
bet right on the direction of interest rates, since you will not know the
identity of the counterparties. However, those limits on disclosure all
were removed in Version 7.0 of W$R, which added a "Who owns what?"
button to the general research menu, allowing you peek "under the hood"
and see a summary of the terms of all interest rate swap agreements that
are currently in effect, including those where a player is a party to
a swap agreement.

Occasionally, you may see a news item or a brief sentence in a Research
Report on a company, stating that it is generating large profits or losses
on interest rate swaps. Otherwise, information on these derivatives
contracts is something you may often overlook, and you can get a
rude surprise when an otherwise profitable company in whose stock you
have invested suddenly reports that it is incurring huge losses on
interest rate swaps, which may go on for years in some cases.

Being aware of that kind of information can be very profitable in
itself. For example, if a company you control has a highly profitable
swap agreement in place, you may want to consider selling short
the stock of the counterparty, which you will know is likely to be
incurring some very large losses under the swap agreement, for as
long as it remains in effect and the terms remain unfavorable to it.

@I0361
   ... FOR SALE ITEMS button. Clicking on this button will
display a list of stocks and business assets that are being
offered for sale by players or companies. Stocks that are
offered may be purchased (without a commission) from the
seller at 95% of the current market price at the time you
accept the offer. Business assets may be purchased (also
without a commission) from the selling company at 95% of
the seller's cost, as shown on its balance sheet. Items
are generally offered for sale when the seller is having
cash flow problems and has no line of credit to borrow on.
Click on any item on the list if you wish to accept the
offer to sell.

If you accept an offer, you may choose to either buy all
of the stock or assets offered, or only a portion. If, 
for example, another player is offering 100% of XYZ Corp. 
for sale, and you choose to buy only 51%, the rest of the
offer (for the other 49% of XYZ) will remain in effect
until its expiration date.

Offers to sell corporate business assets may only be accepted
by a company in the same industry group or by a holding/trading
company. Offers to sell stock can generally be accepted by any
player or company that has enough cash and/or credit to make
the purchase, except that a company cannot buy back its own
stock from a shareholder who offers it for sale, but instead
can only do so by making a "greenmail" buyback offer, using
the "Greenmail" button on the "BUY / SELL" menu. Some other
restrictions on stock purchases may also apply that would
apply otherwise in any attempt to buy a stock, such as when
there are anti-trust restrictions, or if a bank is not
allowed to invest more of its capital in more stock
holdings.

If you wish to cancel an offer of stock or assets that
you or a company you control have listed for sale, find
the offer on this list and click on it, and you will be
asked if you wish to cancel the offer and remove it from
the list of items for sale. Otherwise, an offer will
remain in effect until it is either accepted in full or
expires at the end of a calendar quarter.  

@I0362 
   ... BUY OR SELL SUBPRIME MORTGAGES buttons. Click on
the "Buy Subprime Mortgages" or "Sell Subprime Mortgages"
button to have an insurance company buy or sell high-yielding
(but risky) "subprime" mortgage securities. Despite the high
yields, banks or insurers that hold these risky mortgage-backed
securities will incur substantial loan losses when the economy
turns bad, and may only be able to sell of such investments at
a big loss during recessions or during a "subprime crisis."

The "Buy Subprime Mortgages" and "Sell Subprime Mortgages" buttons
only appear on this menu when the entity doing transactions is an
insurance company that you control.

To have a bank you control buy or sell subprime mortgage securities,
click on the "Buy or Sell Bank Loans" button that will appear on the
same "Other Trans." (Other Transactions) menu. It will display a
submenu that lets a bank buy or sell other types of loans as well,
including business loans, "prime" (low-yielding but high quality)
mortgage loans, and somewhat risky consumer loans.

@I0363
QUICK SEARCH FUNCTIONS.

The nine buttons in the "Quick Search Functions" grouping of
buttons near the bottom of the main screen are used to make it
easier to use the DataBase Search function and to quickly access
other, frequently used features from the "Entity Info" menu with
a single mouse click, without having to first open that menu,
including the Research Reports, Financial Profiles, Earnings
Reports, List Portfolio, List Options, and List Shareholders
features.

It also includes a "My Corps" button that enables the player
to see a list of all his or her controlled companies with one
button click, and to select one as the "Active Entity" with a
double-click on a company in the list.

The functions of each of these nine buttons are discussed below.

@I0364
 - LIST FUTURES CONTRACTS button.  Click on this button to see a
list of all the commodities futures or stock index futures positions
held (long or short) by the current Active Entity (you or a company).
The display will show the unit price (per barrel, ounce, bushel,
index unit, etc.) agreed upon when you entered into the futures
contract and will also show the "notional value" of each contract
(the contract price per unit times the number of units you have
agreed to buy or sell at a future date) and the current value
of the contract. The difference is the gain or loss you are
currently showing on the contract, which is shown in the far
right-hand column.

To sell any of the commodity futures contracts which you are
"long" or to buy back any contracts you are short (or a portion
of any contract), just click on the line item for that futures
contract to trade it.

This button is identical in function to the List Futures Contracts
button on the Entity Info menu.

@I0365
 - RECALL DB SEARCH LIST button.  In earlier versions of the
program, once you entered data for a database search and
returned to the main screen, if you wished to later review
the list (as updated for any changes in the companies or
bonds that met your search parameters criteria), it was
necessary to go through three steps -- click on GENERAL
RESEARCH menu button; then click on DataBase Search button
on that menu, and then click on the "Display Results" button
on the DataBase Search dialog box. The RECALL DB SEARCH LIST
button on the main screen allows you to skip the first two
steps and instantly view the updated list of search results
with a single button click.

The first time you click on this button in a new game or
in a newly reloaded game, a pop-up message will inform you
that "No search parameters have been entered yet," and the
DataBase Search input screen will pop up, into which you
can enter your search criteria (parameters). After that,
if you wish to alter the criteria, you will have to open
the GENERAL RESEARCH menu and select the Database Search
button to make the changes. However, as long as you want
to keep using the same search criteria for the rest of
the game session, you need only to click on the RECALL
DB SEARCH LIST button to view the list of companies
that meet your criteria at that moment.

@I0366
 - RESEARCH REPORT button.  Click on this button to see a
an analyst's research report on the company that is the
currently selected "Active Entity." If the current "Active
Entity" is you, the player, clicking on this button will
instead show a research report for the last corporation
that was the "Active Entity." This button creates the
same research report as the Research Report button on
the Entity Info menu.

@I0367
 - FINANCIAL PROFILE button.  Click on this button to see
a financial profile of the company that is the currently
selected "Active Entity." If the current "Active Entity"
is you, the player, clicking on this button will instead
show a financial profile for you. This button creates the
same financial profile as the Financial Profile button
on the Entity Info menu.

@I0368
 - EARNINGS REPORT button.  Click on this button to see
an earnings report on the company that is the currently
selected "Active Entity." If the current "Active Entity"
is you, the player, clicking on this button will instead
show an earnings report for the last corporation that was
the "Active Entity" before you. This button creates the
same research report as the Earnings Report button on the
Entity Info menu.

@I0370
 - LIST PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS button.  Click on this button to
view a list of all stock and bond holdings, plus a summary
total of the net value of all option positions, for the
currently selected "Active Entity." This button is the same
as the List Portfolio button on the Entity Info menu.

@I0372
 - LIST PUT AND CALL OPTIONS button.  Click on this button to
view a detailed list of all put and call option positions of
the currently selected "Active Entity." This button is the 
same as the List Options button on the Entity Info menu.

@I0374
 - LIST SHAREHOLDERS button.  Click on this button to see
a list of all the shareholders of the company that is the
currently selected "Active Entity." If the current "Active
Entity" is you, the player, clicking on this button will
instead show a list of shareholders for the last corporation
that was the "Active Entity" before you. This button is the
same as the List Shareholders button that is on the Entity
Info menu.

@I0375
 - MY CORPS button.  This button serves the same purpose
as the "MY CORPS" button that usually appears on the Research
or Transactions or Other Menus. It is placed on the main Wall
Street Raider screen as a convenience, making it easier to
see your list of controlled companies and to select one of them
for research or to do transactions. Clicking on it will display
a list of all of your controlled corporations, allowing you
to double-click on one corporation on the list to select it
as the "Active Entity." The same button will always appear on
the each of the four Transactions menus (Buy/Sell, Management,
Financing, and Other) and on the Misc menu, whether the
"Active Entity" is you or any corporation, and will appear
on the Entity Info research menu if you are the "Active
Entity."

@I0380
STREAMING STOCK QUOTES LIST.

This large section on the right-hand side of the main screen
is empty at the start of a game. However, at any time, you
can add stocks to this list, which will display the current
stock prices for each of the stocks on the list. As the stock
ticker moves and prices of stocks on the list are updated,
the displayed price on the "streaming quotes" list will also
be updated, and will be shown in green if the last "tick" is
up, red if it is down, or in blue if there was no change in
price on the last "trade.

To add a company's stock to the list, you can simply select that
company as the "Active Entity" and it will be added to the list
of 15 companies in the "Streaming Quotes" list. Or, if the list
is already full, or if the "AutoAdd to Streamlist" feature on the
"Settings" menu is turned off, just click on the "Add/Delete"
colored button at the top of the streaming quotes list to add the
stock (and delete one of the stocks currently on the list to make
room for one more, if the list is already full). If you click the
button again, the stock will be removed from the list. See the
help information for the "Add/Delete" button for more details
on how it works. You may also use the "Clear" button to clear
out the list, or the "Fill" button to automatically add any 
companies you own (or are short) or that you control to the
list (if there are any empty slots).

Once you have created a streaming quotes list of stocks in
which you have an interest, the list is also a handy way of
selecting one of those companies as the "Active Entity." You
can quickly do so by simply clicking on the "Select" colored
button at the top of the streaming quotes list, and then
double-clicking on one the companies on the pick list that
will be displayed.

When there are two or more (human) players in a game, the
program will keep track of each player's own streaming quotes
list, which will be displayed when it becomes that player's
turn. Each player's list is also saved to disk, if you save
the game data for later play.

The functions of the "Add/Delete," "Select," "Fill," and
"Clear" colored buttons are discussed in more detail below.

@I0382
 - ADD/DELETE STOCK (colored button).  Clicking on this button
will add the stock of the currently selected "Active Entity"
to the streaming quotes list, or will delete that company
from the list if it is already on the streaming quotes list.
If the "Active Entity" is you, the player, rather than a
company, the last previously selected Active Entity (if any)
will be added to or deleted from the list.

The list can display streaming stock quotes for up to 15 
stocks. If the list is full, and you try to add another
stock to it, you will be asked which of the 15 stocks
already on the list that you wish to first delete, before
the current "Active Entity" stock is added to the list.

@I0384
 - SELECT (colored button).  Clicking on this button, which
is at the top center portion of the "Streaming Stock Quotes
List" area of the main screen, will bring up a "pick list"
of all the companies on the streaming quotes list. Double
click on any stock on the pick list to make it the "Active
Entity." 

This button is a convenient feature which you can use to
quickly pull up information on, or do transactions for, a
company on the streaming quotes list. Thus, it is a good
idea to put some or all of the companies you own or control
on the list, or to also add the stocks of companies you are
investigating as possible investment choices. For example,
you may want to invest in particular stock, but feel the
price is currently too high. Put it on the streaming quotes
list and you will be able to notice it immediately if the
price drops to a level more to your liking.

@I0385
 - FILL (colored button).  Clicking on this button, which
is at the top center portion of the "Streaming Stock Quotes
List" area of the main screen, fills in any empty slots on
the list with stocks that you own, or in which you have a
short sale position. If there are any remaining open slots,
the program then looks for other stocks that you control,
but don't directly own, and fills in the rest of the slots,
starting with the stocks you control that have the largest
market cap (stock price per share times total number of
shares issued).

@I0386
 - CLEAR (colored button). Clicking on this button, which
is at the top right portion of the "Streaming Stock Quotes
List" area of the main screen, will clear the current list
of stocks, in the event you want to start over with your
list. If there are five or more stocks on the list, you 
will be asked if you are sure you want to clear the list
before that command is executed.

@I0400
OTHER (FEATURES).

The four buttons in the "Other" grouping, the "End Turn," "Chart," 
"Cheat," and "Misc" buttons on the main screen, are used to either
end a player's turn, display a stock chart for a company, or bring
up a "Cheat Menu," or bring up a menu of certain miscellaneous
transactions, such as making loan payments, borrowing, or changing
a company's name. (Those transactions are not counted as part of
your 5 transactions you are allowed per turn.)

The functions of these four buttons are discussed below.

@I0401
 - END TURN button.  If you click on this button, you simply
end your turn, and it becomes the turn of the next of the 2 to
5 players' turn to play. If you are playing alone, against the
computer player only, the computer takes its turn in a second
or so, and it is your turn again, almost instantly.

@I0410
 - MISC button.  Clicking on this button brings up a small
pop-up menu, showing either 2, 3 or 5 buttons. The "Name Change"
button and the "Stock Split" and "Reverse Split" buttons are
not always shown if the "Active Entity" is not a corporation
that you control. The "Borrow Money" and "Repay Loan" buttons
are not always shown if the last "Active Entity" you selected
(that you control) was a bank. The "Advance to Corp." and
"Recall Advance" buttons are only shown if the current "Active
Entity" is you, the player.

This menu allows you to borrow money from a bank, or to make
repayment on a bank loan, or, in the case of a corporation,
to change its company name, or stock symbol, or both. It is
similar to the Transactions menus, except that any transactions
you perform on this menu will not count as one of your 5
allowed transactions on your turn.

Note that, like the Transactions pop-up menus, this one also
has a "Player" button and a "My Corps." button at the bottom,
which can be used to change the "Active Entity" to you, the
player, or to any corporation you control. You will not be able
to do transactions on this menu for the currently selected
"Active Entity" if it is a corporation that you do not control. 

The functions of the 2 to 8 buttons that will appear on this
menu are described below.

@I0411
   ... BORROW MONEY button.  Click on this button to borrow money
from the bank for the currently selected "Active Entity," if
it is you, the player, or if the entity is a corporation that
you control.

Note:  This button will not appear if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is a bank you control, or if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is a company you don't control and
the previously selected "Active Entity" was a bank you control.
Bank borrowing and repayment ("Federal Funds" on a bank's
balance sheet) occurs automatically in Wall Street Raider, as
the software does the "housekeeping" for banks, for the most
part.

@I0412
   ... REPAY LOAN button.  Click on this button to repay part
or all of a bank loan for the currently selected "Active
Entity," if it is you, the player, or if the entity is a
corporation that you control. Clicking on this button will
also allow a corporation that you control to repay advances 
that were made to the corporation by another player, when
that player previously controlled the corporation (unless
the corporation is a bank, in which case the bank will
automatically repay the advance to the opposing player as
soon as that player loses control of the bank).

CAUTION: If the entity making a repayment is a corporation,
it may incur an early repayment penalty, equal to 2% of the 
amount of the loan that it is prepaying. You will be warned,
if a prepayment penalty would be imposed. No prepayment penalty
applies if you control the lending bank, or if you, the player
are making a loan repayment. The prepayment penalty applies
only if you are playing at Difficulty Level 3 or 4.

If you don't want to pay the 2% penalty, and you control a
bank, try to change your company's banking relationship to
your bank before it makes the loan repayment, in order to
avoid the 2% prepayment penalty.
 
Note:  This button will not appear if the currently selected
"Active Entity" is a bank you control, or if the currently
selected "Active Entity" is a company you don't control and
the previously selected "Active Entity" was a bank you control.
Bank borrowing and repayment ("Federal Funds" on a bank's
balance sheet) occurs automatically in Wall Street Raider, as
the software does the "housekeeping" for banks, for the most
part.

@I0413
   ... STOCK SPLIT button.  Click on this button if you want to 
declare a stock split for the stock of a company you control
(which is currently selected as the "Active Entity"). You will
be able to "split" the stock by increasing the number of shares
by a multiplier of any amount from 1 to 10. Note that this will
have zero effect on the value of your holdings -- just as cutting
a pizza into 8 slices instead of 4 will not increase the total
amount of pizza for your family of 4 people, just by giving each
person two small slices instead of 1 large slice. However, a
number of users have requested a stock split feature, so we 
have added it to the program. 

In the real world, a stock split usually occurs after a stock
has had a large runup, to, say, $100 per share, and many small
investors believe that they somehow will receive something for
nothing when a split occurs, so they often rush to buy a stock
when the company announces it will do a stock split, so that a
split does often add to the momentum of the stock, in the short
run, a good example of a "self-fulfilling prophecy." 

Also, by reducing the price of a stock from $100 to $25 or $33
by doing a 4- or 3-for-1 split, the stock may become somewhat
more attractive to small investors, who would be unable to
afford the purchase of 100 shares (a "round lot" in U.S.
markets) at the higher price, so there is usually some minor
increase in demand for a stock after it has split. However, as
investors have become more educated in recent years, and small
investors less of a factor in markets, splits no longer have
very much effect on a stock's price, usually.

SPLIT EXAMPLE:  If a company has 100 million shares (and you
own 10 million of them, or 10% of the stock), and the stock
trades for $200 per share, your stock is worth $2 billion (or
$2,000 million in the British numbering system). If you split
the stock 2-for-1, the company will have 200 million shares
outstanding, and you will still own 10% of them, or 20 million
shares. However, the stock price will drop by a half, to $100
per share, so your holdings will still be worth $2 billion.

Note that you can only split a stock that trades for at least
10 per share in Wall Street Raider. Also, no split is allowed 
that would reduce the stock's price per share below 3.00. 
(Dollars, yen, Euros, etc.) If the stock price gets to be too
high, above 1,000 a share, the program will automatically
split the stock for you.

Any time a split occurs, all prior earnings, losses, etc.
are automatically adjusted to reflect the split. Thus, if
your stock earned $5.00 per share the previous year, and
you do a 2-for-1 stock split, the prior year's earnings
will be restated as $2.50 per share.

The Stock Split button does not always appear, if the
currently selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, or
is a company that you do not control.

@I0414
   ... REVERSE SPLIT button.  Click on this button to do a
reverse stock split. Reverse stock splits are usually done
when a stock's price has gotten embarrassingly low, so that
it appears to be a nearly worthless "penny stock." You can
reduce the number of outstanding shares and increase the
per-share price, by selecting any reverse split factor greater
than 1, up to 10 (which will be the divisor). Thus, if your
stock, which is in a company you control, is all the way down
to $2.50 a share, you might choose to do a 1-for-10 reverse
split, which would increase the per-share price to $25. The
number of shares would be reduced by dividing by 10.

No reverse split is allowed if the stock price is already
over 100 per share.

If your company's stock price falls below 3.00 per share,
the program may automatically do a 1-for-10 reverse split,
in some cases. As with stock splits, reverse splits have
no effect on the value of your holdings.

When trading put and call options on stocks, you cannot
create a new option contract on a stock that is trading for
less than $5 a share (if playing in U.S. dollars). In that
case, if you control the company in question, you can do a
reverse split to increase the stock price to more than $5.

Any time a reverse split occurs, all prior earnings, losses,
etc. are automatically adjusted to reflect the reverse split.
Thus, if your stock earned $.25 per share the previous year,
and you do a 1-for-10 reverse stock split, the prior year's
earnings would be restated as $2.50 per share.

The Reverse Split button does not always appear, if the
currently selected "Active Entity" is you, the player, or
is a company that you do not control.

@I0415
   ... NAME CHANGE button.  Click on the "Name Change" button
(if it is active) if you wish to change the name and/or
stock symbol of a company that you control (which must
first be selected as the currently "Active Entity"). Any
company names/symbols you change will remain in effect for
the rest of the current game, but the original set of names
in the CORPNAME.DAT file will be used in the next new game
you start.

(However, you can use any ASCII text editor program to
permanently change company names or stock symbols in the
CORPNAME.DAT file. If you choose to do so, we recommend
that you save a backup copy of the original CORPNAME.DAT file
on a diskette or elsewhere, in case you decide later that you
want to restore the original set of company names/symbols.
Or in case you somehow screw up the CORPNAME.DAT file.)

Otherwise, if you want to make permanent name/stock symbol
changes for future games you play, we suggest you order the
Wall Street Raider "Add-on" Package, which includes a handy
"Customizer" utility that is called directly from the W$R
"Game Options Menu" on the main screen, and which allows
you to quickly and easily edit company names, stock symbols,
and the country where any company is incorporated. (The
Add-on Package also includes the extensive electronic book
or strategy manual, in HTML format, "Wall Street Raider --
The Book.")

Note:  The "Name Change" button is not always displayed,
unless the last "Active Entity" you selected or the
currently selected "Active Entity" was/is a corporation
that you control. Players' names cannot be changed, once
a game of Wall Street Raider has been started and names
chosen. 

@I0417
   ... ADVANCE TO CORP. button.  Click on the "Advance to
Corp." button if you wish to loan (advance) money to any
company that you control. This can be a useful tool, to
help a company you control over a rough spot, when it is
short of cash and can't borrow from its bank or issue any
bonds.

The loans you make will pay you interest at the same
Prime Rate charged by banks at the time interest is paid,
but no principal payments will be made, unless you demand
payment. If the borrowing company's credit rating falls 
to "D" (the lowest rating), it will no longer pay you
interest in cash, but will instead "accrue" interest and
add it to the amount it owes you.

Advances are "demand loans," meaning that you can demand
full repayment at any time from the borrowing corporation,
regardless of whether or not you still control the
corporation at the time. However, your loan or advance is
a subordinated debt. That means it has a lower priority
than bank loans, bonds issued, or other liabilities (such
as deposits of a bank, or policy reserves of an insurer),
in the event the borrower gets in financial trouble or
goes bankrupt.

Thus, unless the borrower has at least a "BB" or better
credit rating (such as BBB, A, AA, or AAA), you may not
always be able to call in an advance, if doing so would
result in the borrower still having a low credit rating.
Since calling in some or all of the advance will reduce
the borrower's debts and, therefore, may improve its
credit rating, it may sometimes be possible to call in
some or all of an advance when the borrower's credit is
worse than BB before the loan repayment is made, however.

See the next section, regarding the "Recall Advance"
button, which is used when you wish to call in (demand
repayment of) an advance you have made to any company.
If you control a company and wish for it to repay an
advance to you, you must select "PLAYER" as the "Active
Entity" and use the "Recall Advance" button to call in
the advance. If you control a company that owes an
advance to an opposing player, and wish to have it
pay off the advance to the other player, select the
company as "Active Entity" and use the "Repay Loan"
button (also on this MISC Menu) to repay the advance
(or attempt to, if your company has an adequate
credit rating).

Note:  The "Advance to Corp." button is only displayed
if the currently selected "Active Entity" is you, the
player, or if you were the previously selected "Active
Entity" and the current "Active Entity" is a company
you do not control.

@I0419
   ... RECALL ADVANCE button.  Click on the "Recall
Advance" button if you wish to call in an advance (a
demand loan) that you have made to a corporation.
You can call in an advance at any time, provided the
borrowing corporation is in relatively sound financial
condition, with a credit rating of BB, BBB, A, AA, or
AAA. In some cases, you may also be able to call in
(demand repayment of) some or all of an advance even
if the company's credit rating is lower than "BB" (but
never if its credit rating is "D").

In instances where repayment to you of an advance would
impair the company's ability to pay off its senior
creditors, such as bank lenders or bondholders (or bank
depositors, or insurance policy holders, if the company
that owes you money is a bank or insurance company), you
will be given an opportunity to "forgive" (write-off, as
a capital loss) from 1% to 100% of your advance to the
company in question, which may improve its credit rating
enough so that you can then be repaid the rest of the
advance. (The amount of the advance that you forgive is
nontaxable income to the borrower company, but will 
reduce or eliminate any tax loss carryovers of the 
borrower. The debt forgiveness is a capital loss to 
you, for tax purposes. However, if you own 100% of 
the stock of the company, the debt forgiveness has
no income or tax ramifications, except to increase
the tax basis of your stock investment, since it is
treated as a capital contribution in that case.)

If you or a company you control own call options or you
have shorted put options on the stock of the company
whose advances you are forgiving, you might make a quick
windfall profit on such options, since the debt forgiveness
will usually boost the stock price of the company. However, 
that is considered a conflict of interest (an attempt to
manipulate the stock price, as an insider with option
positions on the stock), and no forgiveness of an advance
is allowed until you close out all of the long calls and/or
short put positions you have on the stock.

Note:  The "Recall Advance" button is only displayed
if the currently selected "Active Entity" is you, the
player, or if you were the previously selected "Active
Entity" and the current "Active Entity" is a company
you do not control.

@I0420
   ... PREPAY INCOME TAX button.  Click on the "Prepay
Income Tax" button to increase your estimated personal
income tax payments for the current year. While the
software will automatically make estimated tax payments
on your behalf at the end of each calendar quarter, in
some cases, such as where you expect your taxable income
to increase sharply (such as when you are about to sell
stock for a large capital gain), you may want to use
this button to prepay some of the tax you expect you
will owe at the end of the year, making sure you pay
the tax NOW, while you have the cash. Otherwise, your
year-end tax bill could become a rude surprise if you
are short of cash or borrowing power at the end of
the year.

If you are playing at Difficulty Level 4, you may owe
taxes on capital -- the Corporate Shares Tax each quarter,
or the "Billionaire's Tax" at year-end. While you do not
have to make prepaid estimates of those taxes, one way to
be sure you have enough cash to pay either of those taxes
due at the end of the year is to overpay your estimated
income tax by what you expect to owe on either or both of
the two taxes on capital.

The amount of a single prepayment you may make is
limited to the lesser of your available funds (cash
plus line of credit) or 20% of your net worth. Since
your personal net worth is computed on a "cash basis"
(rather than accruing taxes and other expenses or
income items), be aware that prepaying tax can reduce
your credit rating and borrowing power temporarily,
in W$R.

If a player has negative net worth and is in danger of
going bankrupt and being kicked out of the game, and
all other assets of the player have already been sold
off, the government will issue an emergency refund of
any prepaid taxes (estimated taxes) to the player. Of
course, at the end of the year, or the next quarter,
the player will have to pay any tax, if owed, since all
the estimated (prepaid) tax has been refunded to the
player. Such an emergency refund is only a temporary
"stay of execution," but may give you enough time to
make a quick profit on some speculation, like options
or futures, that would enable you to pay the tax when
it comes due at the end of the quarter or year.

Note: This button appears only if you, the player,
are the "Active Entity" (or if a corporation you don't
control is the "Active Entity" and you were the last
previous "Active Entity").

@I0421
   ... OFFER TO SELL STOCK button.  Click on this
button if you wish to offer for sale a stock owned by
you or by a company you control. All offers to sell
are at a 5% discount from the market price, determined
at the time the offer is accepted by another player or
company. If you have a large block of stock, and would
greatly depress the market price if you tried to dump
it all, this may be a better way to dispose of the stock,
and without paying a brokerage commission.

The higher the Analyst's Rating for the stock you are
offering, the more likely the offer is to be snapped up
by a buyer. However, if the stock has a "Strong Sell"
rating, the offer probably will not be accepted.

All offers expire at the end of the current quarter or,
if you choose, at the end of the next calendar quarter.

If you wish to cancel an offer that you have listed, go
to the "OTHER TRANS." menu and click on the "For Sale
Items" button and select the item for the stock you have
offered from the list of items for sale. You will then
be asked if you wish to cancel the offer and remove it
from the list.

Posting an offer of an item for sale does not count as one
of the five transactions on your turn. However, if the offer,
or part of the offer, is accepted, it will count as a
transaction.

@I0425
   ... OFFER TO SELL ASSETS button. Click on this
button if a company you control wishes to sell some
or all of its business assets. All offers to sell
are at a 5% discount from the cost of the assets. You
may receive a better price, even at a 5% discount,
than you would if you tried selling them otherwise,
and there is no 10% commission if a buyer accepts
your offer. However, there is no guarantee that your
offer will be accepted before it expires.

All offers expire at the end of the current quarter or,
if you choose, at the end of the next calendar quarter.

If you wish to cancel an offer that you have listed, go
to the "OTHER TRANS." menu and click on the "For Sale
Items" button and select the offer your company has
listed for sale. You will then be asked if you wish to
cancel the offer and remove it from the list.

Posting an offer of an item for sale does not count as one
of the five transactions on your turn. However, if the offer,
or part of the offer, is accepted, it will count as a
transaction.

@I0426
 - CHEAT button. Click on this button to bring up a "Cheat
Menu" that lets you add cash to your (player) bank account,
or reduce your cash balance if you wish to experiment with
poverty. Note that if you add money to your account, the
same amount is added to the account of each other player.
Also, adding cash will disqualify the current game as a
possible record high score. (The program keeps track of
the player who earns the highest score and stores it on
your computer until you, or someone else playing on your
computer, earns a higher net worth at the completion of
a game.)

The Cheat Menu also offers two other "risky" cheat opportunities,
which will not disqualify your game score, but may result in
massive fines if you are prosecuted for insider trading. Both
involve disclosure (to you) of insider information about upcoming
major changes at a particular company that will have a powerful
effect on its stock price (up or down).

One of these insider information cheats gives you the identity
of a company that is in secret merger talks with another
company and soon will be taken over at a large premium over
the market price. Obviously, buying its stock or call options
can result in quick and large profits for you or your
companies.

The other "insider information" cheat alerts you with information
about a major earnings turnaround coming at a particular company,
which will either send its stock soaring (if earnings turn up) or
plunging (if its earnings turn down or turn into large, unexpected
losses). Accordingly, if the news is good, you will want to buy
the stock or calls, or if it is bad, you will want to short the
stock or call options, or buy put options on the company's stock.

CAUTION: Trading on inside information is, of course, highly
illegal. Thus, while you can trade on inside information more
than once, the more times you do so, the more likely you are
to be caught and prosecuted, resulting in huge fines that can
even bankrupt you, since the fines are not tax-deductible. It
also creates "bad karma" for you, so that if you engage in
other unethical conduct (when presented with "ethical choice"
scenarios that pop up from time to time), you increase your
odds that those unethical actions will also have unhappy
consequences for you or your companies.

The Cheat button functions even if the current Active Entity
is a company you control, rather than yourself ("player"),
but the "Add Cash" feature only adds cash to (or subtracts
from) players' bank accounts, not companies' accounts, and
the "inside information" features simply provide information
that can be used by either you, the player, or by any of
your controlled companies.

You can also double-click on the Wall $treet Raider logo on
the main screen at any time during a game, which will also
bring up the Cheat Menu.

However, the Cheat Menu is not accessible if "Cheat Mode" has
been turned off on the "Settings" pull-down menu by any player,
unless "Cheat Mode" is turned back on.

In the "shareware" version, only one "insider tip" cheat
is allowed per game. More than one may be allowed in the
registered version of the program, up until the point you
are either prosecuted or your source of insider information
dries up (such as by his going to jail).

@I0430
 - CHART button.  Click on the "Chart" button to
display a 60-month stock chart for the currently
selected Active Entity, if that entity is a
corporation. At the start of a game, charts display
only the prices since the game started and 2 months
of "pre-game" prices. When a new company is started
up, no stock charts will be available for it until
it has been in existence for parts of at least three
"months" of game play. Similarly, if a company goes
through a bankruptcy reorganization and all of its
"old" stock is wiped out and replaced by new stock
(eliminating all the old stockholders), the stock
price history on its stock chart will only show
the new stock, since the company has essentially
started over, from a stockholder's standpoint.

You may choose to view either small or large (almost
full-screen) stock charts. To change your preference
from "large" to "small" or vice versa, use the
"Settings" pull-down menu at the top of the main
Wall Street Raider screen, and click on the "Stock
Chart Size: Small (or Large)" item, to toggle back
and forth from large and small display options. The
small screen option is the default, if no selection
is made. Once you select "large" or "small," that
setting is saved in a configuration file, and will
be used in any subsequent games, new or saved, until
you change the setting again.

Note that the stock charts feature is not enabled in
the "shareware" version of the game, except for the
shares of ETF's (Exchange-Traded Funds). Charts are
enabled for GDP, interest rates histories, and for
commodity prices, in both the registered and "shareware"
versions.

Stock price data is now saved to disk when you
save a game, to be continued later. Because of the
large amount of stock price data that must be saved
for each of the 1590 companies in the simulation,
the size of the game data files is now much larger
than in earlier versions of W$R, and thus takes a
bit longer to save or to load.

In Versions 6.50 and later, charts are also provided
for a player's net worth, the Stock Index, each of
the commodities and displayed interest rates, and
GDP growth. To view any of these items, click on
the displayed number (Net Worth, Stock Index,
Spot Crude, etc.) to view a 5-year history chart.
These charts are also available in the shareware
version of Wall Street Raider. In Version 6.60 and
later, the chart for individual stocks or for any of
the above items, except for the GDP growth chart,
will usually include either a "TRADE" button or, in
the case of stock charts, a "BUY" button. No "TRADE"
button will appear on a chart if the entity that
would be trading an interest rate swap contract does
not have at least a "B" credit rating. 

However, no "BUY" button will appear on a stock chart
of a company that is the "Active Entity" if you control
that company, or on a chart for a company that is not
the currently selected "Active Entity." 

@END
