The first hint of the true danger came in a most
unexpected way. It came in the form of a
visit from Detective Miles Corbin, the tall, lanky detective
who had investigated the theft of Seraphina's necklace. He
arrived at the Chateau Tivoli unannounced, his face grim,
his eyes filled with a sense of urgency. He
asked to speak with Madame Dupont in private, and
as they sat in her study, he told her
a story that made her blood run cold.

He told her about a series of unsolved murders
in San Francisco, a series of murders that had
been happening for years, a series of murders that
had one thing in common: the victims were all
wealthy, beautiful women who had been staying in exclusive
hotels and B&Bs. They had all been found
in their rooms, their bodies arranged in a ritualistic
manner, a single white rose placed on their chests.
The police had no suspects, no leads, no explanation
for the bizarre and brutal killings. They had dubbed
the killer "The Romeo," a romantic and chilling
moniker for a man who was a monster.

"We believe he's back," Corbin said, his voice low
and grave. "There was another murder last night, a
woman who was staying at the Fairmont. She fit
the profile perfectly. And there was a white rose."
He paused, his eyes fixed on Madame Dupont's face.
"I know this is going to sound crazy," he
said, "but I think your guest, Seraphina Monet, could
be his next victim."

Madame Dupont listened in stunned silence, her mind reeling.
The white rose on Seraphina's pillow. The whispers in
the night. The feeling of being watched. It all
made a terrible, horrifying sense. Seraphina was not being
stalked by an obsessed fan; she was being stalked
by a serial killer.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked, her
voice trembling slightly.

"I want you to be my eyes and ears inside
this house," Corbin said. "I want you to watch
your guests, to listen to their conversations, to report
anything suspicious. I know it's a lot to ask,
but you could be the key to catching this
guy before he kills again."

Madame Dupont, a woman who had always prided herself
on her discretion, on her ability to keep a
secret, was now being asked to become a spy
in her own home. It was a violation of
everything she believed in, a betrayal of the trust
that her guests had placed in her. And yet,
she knew that she had no choice. A woman's
life was at stake. And she would do whatever
it took to protect her.

The game had changed. The stakes were higher than
ever. And the goings-on at the Chateau Tivoli were
about to become a matter of life and death.