рҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸ
<if the books really suck that bad , 
we can always rewrite them 2 someone (or team) playing thru the chimochio game...>
[u can always experiment with chataue?]
<u could do that anyways but it may give even less detail 2 
"going ons" i dunno we will listen and use our newfound 'judgement/taste"
its spitting them out regardlesss

new experiment : 
also get "CHARA" to read for charanon (has 4 books) 
and get "SOL" to read for "ANGLER EMPIRE"   
and "IQA" to read for '111.accidental witch"
then later
horli 4 redblu&u (needs to be formated for cyoa (choose audio file)

do u see those 4 remaining directories? 
--------------------------------
(u can literally choose which audio phile /vid 2 play. y not? science

see if that changes anything. cuz science

(also maybe we shoul have had a male read soulpen?

can find out after listening 2 harley quin
but its not "THAT BAD" ... 
u cant listen 2 it? but anyone else could? w/e . we will see

<also ... its not in chinese ?  "FFU CHIN VERSION 2 LEARN BLIND?YES"
what about some kind of chinese teacher thing
maybe not with this maybe something else? 

we will keep rounding out the edges, 
ofc this is addicting but w/e its automated at least. 
did entire franchise++ basically in 1 day ...
(something that could have taken "YEARS"

 
рҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸрҹ§ӘпёҸ
рҹ“–пёҸ
its pretty good, but i like how

in ai-d&d they went on adventures
2 different towns ( i know its tmoji i didn't check others)

but i like how they would break in places, be on roof's etc. 

(be in back alleys hiding from guards , trying finesse gaurds etc)
(interacting with different big factions etc
we have stuff like that 2 and can even push 4 more) 
рҹҘҙпёҸ
tho i think the tpmjoi seessing are super fat 4 just
beinga  frekin board game . 
also their chill which is nice. like hanging in a cafe...рҹ§ҫпёҸ

рҹҳүпёҸ
also when u actualy flesh out .c .pdl nnex for emojio 
u can srsly re prompt with real rules and see wut happens

but "its nice" 2 have something diff 2 listen 2 + 
could be an ai D&d mode of gameplay so thats nice 2 think about
(even automated and skimmed over /shared with users as is vision)

and theirs no 'fin pressure' theres just chill and community "peace"
рҹ‘©рҹҸ»вҖҚвҡ–пёҸпёҸ
<which is more in the legal vibe suggested 4 crypto...wonder y>рҹ‘©рҹҸ»вҖҚвҡ–пёҸпёҸ
рҹҳүпёҸ
рҹӨ“пёҸ
also u just uploading this w/eo community infra 
is kinda like just some random nobody 
uploading their random board game online. so dont expect much 
w/o augments and strategic synergies and leverages. 

<but u dont wanna 'explode attention' just try 2 make network fx>
рҹӨ“пёҸ
рҹӨ–пёҸ
also at first i said, it couldn't do "battle bots" 
but the more i think about it it could narrarate something like that
so we will set up a foundation for that
cuz we want to sim it in 3d games etc also 


"HARD_VVAR"/ 


рҹӨ–пёҸ
