Chara’s hand instinctively went to her silenced pistol, its cold
steel a familiar comfort against her palm. But she knew
that a direct confrontation with ANON was a suicide mission.
He was surrounded by his own people, and she was
alone. She needed to be smart, to be patient, to
wait for her moment. She needed to play his game,
but on her terms.

“You won’t get away with this,” she said, her voice
a low growl. “The world will know what you’ve done.”

ANON chuckled, a dry, humorless sound. “The world will know
what I want it to know. I control the information,
Chara. I control the narrative. And soon, I will control
the world.” He turned to leave, his part in the
briefing apparently over. “Enjoy your stay at Mothra, Chara.
It will be your last.”

Chara watched him go, her eyes burning with a cold,
hard light. She was trapped, a prisoner in a gilded
cage. But she was not defeated. Not yet. She had
the data, the proof of ANON’s betrayal. And she had
Klondike. And Giana. They were her family, her team. And
they would not let her down.

She made her way to the infirmary, her steps heavy,
her mind a whirlwind of thoughts. Giana was still unconscious,
her face pale, her breathing shallow. Klondike sat beside her,
his massive hand resting on her forehead, his eyes fixed
on her face. He looked up as Chara entered, his
face grim. “How is she?” Chara asked, her voice a
whisper.

“She’ll live,” Klondike rumbled, his voice a low growl.
“But it’s going to be a long road to recovery.
She’s lost a lot of blood.”

Chara nodded, her eyes fixed on Giana. She felt a
surge of guilt, a bitter taste in her mouth. Giana
had almost died because of her, because of a mission
that had been a setup from the beginning. She vowed
that ANON would pay for this, that he would regret
the day he had ever crossed them.

“We need to get her out of here,” Chara said,
her voice filled with a fierce determination. “And we need
to expose ANON. The world needs to know what he’s
planning.”

Klondike nodded, his eyes burning with a cold, hard light.
“I’m with you, little bird. To the end.” He was
a man of few words, but his loyalty was unwavering.
He was a rock, a steady presence in the chaos of
their lives. And with him by her side, Chara knew
that they could face anything. The game was on, and
the stakes were higher than ever before. It was a
battle for the future of humanity, and they were the
only ones who could stop it. The ghosts were about
to become legends.
