
Page 2

She let her gaze wander over the crowd, her cybernetic eye
-tagging individuals of interest. A low-level data runner,
his face pale with the stress of a deal gone wrong. A corporate
-enforcer, trying to look inconspicuous in a crowd that was
anything but. A group of off-duty UN soldiers, their laughter
a little too loud, their eyes holding the haunted look of men
who had seen too much. It was a cross-section of Atlantis
Prime’s underbelly, a world that existed in the shadows of
the gleaming spires and pristine plazas.

Her attention was drawn to a figure moving through the crowd
with a practiced ease, a man who seemed to be a part of the
shadows themselves. He was a clone, one of the first generation,
-engineered for resilience and obedience. But this one was
different. There was a spark of defiance in his eyes, a hint
of a man who had broken his programming. It was Ratchet.

He slid onto the stool beside her, his movements fluid, economical.
His face was a roadmap of scars and cheap cybernetic implants,
a testament to a life lived on the fringes. He was a survivor,
a man who had carved out a niche for himself in a world that
had designed him to be disposable. He signaled the bartender,
a silent, almost imperceptible gesture, and a glass of something
-strong and amber appeared in his hand.

“Still on duty, Gem?” he asked, his voice a low, raspy whisper
that was almost lost in the throb of the music. It was a familiar
sound, a voice that had guided her through more than one tight
spot.

“Someone has to be,” she replied, her voice a murmur, her gaze
-never leaving the crowd. “The peace is fragile, Ratchet. You
know that.”

He grunted, a sound of cynical agreement. “Fragile as a Martian
-butterfly’s wing,” he said, taking a long swallow of his drink.
“Especially with the ‘Vampire’ problem getting worse.”

Gem’s hand tightened on her glass. The ‘Vampire’ problem. A
-euphemism for the Martian clones, cut off from their engineered
-blood supply after the war. They were a desperate, hungry population,
a powder keg waiting for a spark. The rumors were getting worse.
Whispers of blood farms, of forced transfusions, of a black
market that dealt in the most precious commodity of all: life.
It was a grim, unspoken reality, a festering wound in the fragile
-peace between Earth and Mars.
