The silence that followed Lucky’s proposal was a fragile thing.
It was the silence of men and women forced to confront their own cowardice.
They had built careers on compromise, on carefully worded statements and non-committal resolutions.
Lucky was asking for a declaration of war.
He was asking them to bet the future of humanity on a single, desperate throw of the dice.

An old, weary-looking man, the UN Secretary-General, rose to his feet.
His face was a mask of tired resignation, but his eyes held a flicker of something else.
A spark of defiance that had long been dormant.

"For decades, we have been the custodians of a fragile peace," he said, his voice quiet but carrying the weight of his office.
"We have negotiated, we have compromised, we have done everything in our power to avoid the abyss of all-out war."
He looked around the chamber, at the faces of his fellow delegates.
"But the abyss has come for us. The choice is no longer between war and peace.
It is between slavery and survival."

He turned his gaze to Lucky and Edge, the outlaw and the gangster.
An unlikely pair of saviors.
"You ask us to place our trust in you," he said.
"To give you command of our fleets, our soldiers.
To sanction an act of aggression that could doom us all."

He paused, letting the weight of his words fill the room.
"And we would be fools to do so."

A murmur of agreement went through the delegates.
Edge’s hand tightened into a fist at his side.

"But," the Secretary-General continued, his voice rising with a sudden, surprising strength,
"we would be cowards not to."

He looked directly at Lucky, a silent acknowledgment passing between the old statesman and the young rebel.
"You have our support," he said, the words a death sentence and a prayer.
"You will have your ships, your weapons, your soldiers.
But you will answer to this council. You will answer to the people of Earth."

It was a compromise, a leash.
But it was a leash they could work with.

Lucky nodded, a single, sharp gesture of acceptance.
"We understand," he said.
"We won't let you down."

He didn't know if that was a promise he could keep.
But it was a promise he had to make.

The tension in the room broke, replaced by a flurry of activity.
Aides rushed in with datapads, military commanders began barking orders.
The vast, creaking machinery of the UN war machine was slowly, reluctantly, grinding into motion.

Edge clapped a hand on Lucky’s shoulder, a grin of pure, savage joy on his face.
"You always did have a way with words," he said.

"It wasn't the words," Lucky replied, his eyes fixed on the holographic sun.
"It was the fear."

He was right. They hadn't been convinced by his courage.
They had been motivated by their own terror.
It was a fragile alliance, built on the shakiest of foundations.
But it was an alliance.
And it was the only thing standing between humanity and the long, dark night of the Architect's new world.

The clock was ticking.
The bots were coming.
And the war for the soul of humanity was about to begin.
