**Page 5**

"She's using them as a living weapon," Lucky said, his voice filled with dread, a cold, hard realization. "This isn't just a battle; it's a genocide. She's trying to wipe out all life in the deep, to create a new world in her own image." The realization was a cold, hard stone in his gut, a bitter taste in his mouth, a sickening truth.

"She's trying to wipe out any opposition to her global dominion," Dorchester added, gritting her teeth, her eyes burning with a fierce resolve. "The merpeople and New-Korea are the last bastions of resistance in the deep. If they fall, the surface will be next. The entire world will be hers." The stakes had never been higher, the consequences never more dire, the fate of humanity hanging in the balance.

Ji-Hyun, at her console, her face grim, reported, "Casualties are mounting. The UN is politically stymying any surface intervention. They're letting this happen. They're complicit. They're allowing her to commit genocide." The betrayal was complete, the surface world abandoning them to their fate, leaving them to die in the darkness.

Soo-Jin, frantically trying to hack into the Carc-Zilla network, cried out, her voice strained with effort. "Their neural links are too complex! Sáoirse has integrated them into a hive mind! I can't break through! It's impenetrable!" The sub was rocked by a near miss from a massive Carc-Zilla, alarms blaring, lights flickering. The hull groaned under the immense pressure, threatening to give way.

"We have to get to Sáoirse!" Lucky yelled, activating his Soul Pen, its energy flaring with renewed intensity, a beacon of hope in the darkness, a silent promise of power. "If we can cut off the head, the body will fall! We have to take her down!" They plunged into the thick of the battle, a tiny spearhead against an overwhelming tide, a desperate gamble for the fate of the deep, for the fate of the world.

Lucky fired concentrated blasts from his Soul Pen, augmented by Tear-It cards, creating temporary clearings in the Carc-Zilla swarm. Ji-Hyun unleashed powerful elemental attacks – torrents of water that swept away dozens of creatures, bursts of superheated steam that melted their grotesque flesh. Dorchester, with her intimate knowledge of Sáoirse's tactics, guided the sub, dodging attacks, finding the narrowest gaps in the enemy lines. She fired torpedoes with deadly accuracy, targeting the larger Carc-Zillas that acted as command nodes, as if they were extensions of Sáoirse's will, her monstrous puppets.
