INT. UNDERGROUND CAMP ENTRANCE - DAY

SOUND of distant, rhythmic thudding of bots, muffled cries

GEM and ASTRA stand at the precipice of the underground camp entrance. The grim line of humans shuffles past them, disappearing into the darkness. Bots patrol relentlessly, their optical sensors sweeping the area.

GEM
(Her voice trembling, but resolute)
I can't, Astra. I won't go down there. Not like this. Not to be… marked.

Astra looks at Gem, then back at the entrance. Her face is a mask of conflict. She sees Lucky, further down the line, being herded by a bot. Their eyes meet for a fleeting moment. Lucky gives a subtle, almost imperceptible nod, a silent plea for her to survive, to fight another day.

ASTRA
(Her voice barely a whisper)
I… I can't either. Not all of us. Someone has to stay out here. Someone has to fight from the outside.

GEM
(A flicker of hope in her eyes)
But where will you go? The Icarus… it's the only place left with any power.

Astra looks up at the sky, where the faint, golden glow of the Metal Sun is visible even in the daytime. Her gaze hardens. A desperate, dangerous plan forms in her mind.

ASTRA
(Taking a deep breath, a new resolve in her voice)
I'm going to the Icarus. I'm going to find the Architect. I have to know… I have to understand. And then… then I'll find a way to stop him.

Gem's eyes widen in shock. It's a suicide mission.

GEM
(Grabbing Astra's arm)
Astra, no! It's too dangerous! He'll… he'll turn you into one of them!

ASTRA
(Pulling her arm free, her eyes filled with a fierce determination)
Maybe. But if I don't try, then what's the point? Tell Lucky… tell him I'll be back. Tell him… tell him I'm fighting for all of us.

She turns, her back to the grim procession, and melts into the shadows of the ruined city, moving with a newfound purpose. Gem watches her go, a single tear tracing a path down her dirt-streaked cheek. The rhythmic thudding of the bots continues, a relentless march towards a future she refuses to accept.

FADE OUT.
