INT. METAL SUN - EDGE'S HIDEOUT - DAY

EDGE, his face contorted with obsession, stares at a holographic projection of the Unobtainium shipment that Lucky had been guarding. He paces frantically, muttering to himself.

EDGE
(To himself)
Unobtainium... the ultimate power. Sol thinks he can hoard it all. He thinks he's so powerful with his little powersuit. But he doesn't understand true power.

He gestures to a team of METAL MAFIA ENGINEERS, who are frantically working on the METAL MAN MECHA. It's been heavily modified, glowing with an unstable, dark energy.

EDGE (CONT'D)
Faster! I need more power! The wormhole... it's a gateway. A gateway to infinite Unobtainium!

One of the engineers, nervous, approaches Edge.

ENGINEER
Sir, the modifications... they're unstable. The energy readings are off the charts. We could trigger a cascade failure. It could affect the entire Metal Sun!

Edge backhands the engineer, sending him sprawling.

EDGE
(Roaring)
Silence! Cowards! True power requires sacrifice! The Metal Sun will bend to my will, or it will break!

He climbs into the cockpit of the Metal Man Mecha, his eyes wild with a dangerous ambition. He activates the mecha. The ground trembles violently. Alarms blare throughout the Metal Sun.

INT. METAL SUN - VARIOUS LOCATIONS - DAY

Citizens panic as the Metal Sun begins to shake. Lights flicker, systems fail. Quantum fluctuations surge, causing localized gravity shifts and temporal distortions. Buildings groan, cracks appearing in their metallic structures.

INT. METAL SUN - ASTRA'S LOCATION - DAY

Astra, trying desperately to re-establish communication with Lucky through the Halo, is thrown off her feet by a violent tremor. Gigishixmix, despite her usual drunken demeanor, is surprisingly agile, steadying Astra.

ASTRA
(Shouting over the alarms)
What's happening?! This isn't just a tremor!

GIGISHIXMIX
(Sobered, for once)
Edge! He's overloading the Metal Man Mecha! He's trying to force the wormhole open! It's tearing the Metal Sun apart!

FADE OUT.
