Page 7

Lyra broke away from the circle of chanting villagers and walked towards him. Her face was pale, her eyes wide with a mixture of fear and exhilaration. “You do not understand, do you?” she said, her voice barely audible above the rhythmic chanting. “You think we are praying for them to go away. You think we are trying to fight them.” Lucky nodded, a dumb, helpless gesture. “Aren’t you?” he asked, his voice hoarse. “They’re… dangerous, aren’t they?” Lyra shook her head, a sad, knowing smile on her lips. “They are not dangerous, Lucky. They are… power. Raw, untamed, unimaginable power. And you cannot fight power. You can only… dance with it.” “Dance with it?” he repeated, the words feeling absurd on his tongue. “What does that even mean?” “It means… we are not trying to resist them,” she explained, her voice taking on a pedagogical tone, as if she were explaining a complex scientific principle to a child. “We are trying to… harmonize with them. To find the balance. To become a part of their song, so that when they awaken, they will not destroy us. They will… accept us.” Lucky stared at her, his mind reeling. This was a level of cosmic philosophy that he was simply not equipped to handle. In his world, when you encountered a hostile, superior force, you either ran, or you fought. You didn’t… dance with it. “But… Gorn said they were the darkness to your light,” he protested, clutching at the straws of his previous understanding. “The storm to your calm.” “And is the darkness evil?” she countered, her dark eyes challenging him. “Is the storm evil? Or are they just… a part of the whole? A necessary balance? You cannot have light without darkness, Lucky. You cannot have calm without a storm. And you cannot have the Afink without the Extrmophiles. We are two halves of the same soul. And now… we are coming together.” She turned and walked back to the circle, her small frame rejoining the swaying, chanting mass of her people. Lucky was left alone with his thoughts, his confusion, his fear. He was a man of science, a man of black and white, of right and wrong. And he had just been told that the monster at the door was not a monster at all. It was just… the other half of the equation.