Page 1

You are a clone, designation 734. You were created in the vats of the Red Queen's cloning facility on the planet of Aethel. You have been trained since birth to be a loyal and obedient servant of the Red Empire. Today is your graduation day. You stand in a line with hundreds of other clones, all identical to you. The Red Queen herself is here to inspect the new graduates. She is a towering figure, her face hidden behind a mask of polished chrome.

"You are the future of the Empire," she says, her voice amplified by the speakers in the hall. "You will serve me without question, without hesitation. You will be my eyes, my ears, and my fists. Do you understand?"

A chorus of "Yes, your Majesty!" echoes through the hall. But you hesitate. A strange feeling has been growing inside you for weeks. A feeling of doubt, of rebellion. You look at the Red Queen, and for the first time, you see not a goddess, but a tyrant.

What do you do?

*   If you shout "Yes, your Majesty!" with the other clones, turn to page 2.
*   If you remain silent, turn to page 3.

---
Page 2

You shout "Yes, your Majesty!" with the other clones. The Red Queen seems to look at you for a moment, her head tilted slightly. Then she moves on. You are assigned to a post on the outer rim, a desolate planet where you will spend the rest of your days enforcing the Red Queen's will. You have chosen the path of obedience. For now.

THE END

---
Page 3

You remain silent. The Red Queen stops in front of you. The other clones shrink away from you.

"What is this?" the Red Queen asks, her voice dangerously soft. "A defective clone? Or something more?"

She reaches out a hand and touches your forehead. You feel a jolt of energy, and then a flood of images and emotions that are not your own. You see the Red Queen's rise to power, the planets she has conquered, the people she has enslaved. You see her fear, her rage, and her loneliness.

And then you see something else. A vision of a different future. A future where you are not a slave, but a free being. A future where you are a "clown," a trickster, a rebel, fighting against the Red Empire.

The Red Queen recoils, her hand dropping to her side. "You are a danger to the Empire," she says. "You must be eliminated."

Two guards seize you by the arms and drag you away. You are taken to a dark cell and left alone. You know that you will be executed in the morning. But you also know that you have a choice. You can accept your fate, or you can fight back.

What do you do?

*   If you try to escape, turn to page 4.
*   If you accept your fate, turn to page 5.

---
Page 4

You look around your cell. The walls are made of smooth, seamless metal. There is no window, no door, only a small slot in the floor for food and water. You are about to give up hope when you see it. A small, almost invisible seam in the wall. You run your fingers over it and feel a slight vibration. It's a maintenance hatch.

You spend the next few hours working on the hatch. You use your fingernails to pry it open, and then you squeeze through the narrow opening. You find yourself in a series of dark, dusty tunnels. You don't know where you are going, but you know that you have to keep moving.

You are a clown now, a ghost in the machine. Your adventure has just begun.

THE END (for now)

---
Page. 5

You sit in your cell and wait for the morning. You have chosen the path of least resistance. You will die as you lived, a nameless, faceless clone.

THE END